
I would like to thank my  Jesus Christ my Lord and Savior. I would like to thank all these people in my  life and that aided me in this journey. I would also like to thank the Texas  Department of Criminal Justice inmate Field Minister program True Foster and  Garcia for aiding me in my journey. To Ms. Walker’s family I pray my death will  bring you peace.
Umm, Pamela can you  hear me Stephanie, Hardy, Marcus tell all the family I love them. I am sorry  for the hard times and what hurts me is that I hurt y’all and um even for y’all  too and Patricia she wrote me tell Patricia I wrote her back and to tell y’all what  I said. I love y’all. I am ready
"It’s 6:09 on  September 10th, Kayla and David, I wanted to apologize for the grief  and the pain that I caused y’all .I’ve been considering changing my life. It  took me 27 years to do so. Man, I want to apologize, I don’t know if me passing  will bring y’all comfort for the pain and suffering I caused y’all. I am at  peace. I understand now the pain that I caused y’all man, I don’t know what  else to say. It took a while to drag these years out. I am going with a humble  heart. I made wrong decisions but, I forgave myself. I made a discussion not  because of myself but because of everyone else. I forgave myself not for y’all  but the pain I caused to my family.
Oh man I  didn’t’ know if y’all would come or not but I am glad y’all did so I could talk  to y’all. I know the pain when I talk to my grandma. I’m just glad I got a  chance to talk to y’all. 
Freddie,  Sonia, Sofia, Oh man, thank you Jesus. I love y’all but glad you brought Jesus  into my life. Mom and Dad throughout the years I turned my back on God for the wrong  that I thought He committed now that I have found Him, let everyone know that I  love them because He is there. I have love for y’all. Tell mom I love them and  let dad know. To all my supporters out there thank you for the support and  positive wisdom and words. And to all the people who wrote me, and to all the  people who have people on death row show them love and support. They need it.  Thank you for putting in the effort. I want to thank those that did. Bubble and  Sofia God loves y’all. I love y’all. Mr. Warden I’m ready."
Yes Sir, I would like to thank the Shape Community  Center for all their support. I would like to thank all those overseas, Italy  and France, for their support for the death row prisoners. I would also like to  apologize to Lori for the second time for her husband dying at my hand. To the  White family and to Tashell for not being there, I Love you. I’m finished  Warden you may proceed.
Thank you I love you all. Sandra, nice meeting you. I  Love ya’ll. It’s all good. I’m not the one that killed Christina, so whatever  makes ya’ll happy.  I love ya’ll. I’ll see you on the other side. Ya’ll be  good. OK Warden I’m ready.
I just want to tell my family thank you, my mom and  dad and sister and Sabrina. I love you Mercedes. I am sorry to David’s family.  This is only way that I can be forgiven. You got your justice right here.  That’s it. My trust in Jesus.
Yeah, first off, I want to say that I am sorry for the  pain that I have caused you people.  I am sorry that I cannot bring  everybody back.  I wish it could be different.  I know it would be  hard for you to understand what went on that night, I can’t bring them back as  much as I would like to.  I love my daughter and all of my  supporters.  I pray that the Lord take care of me and all of you.  I  have no bad sentiment towards anyone.  I can understand your outrage and  why you are mad at me.  God be with all of us.
Sending me to a better place.  I am alright with  this, you have to live and die by the choices that we make.  I have made  mine.  I love you Renee, I am gonna carry your heart and always carry my  heart in your heart.  I am ready.
Shelby, God bless your heart.  To my family, I  love them and everybody that showed support.  Thank you to all of my  cousins and aunts and uncles that showed support and that prayed for me.   From California to New York thank you for all of your support.  Pope  Francis, God’s children has asked the State of Texas to switch my death  sentence to life in prison.  But the State of Texas has refused to listen  to God’s children, they will have to take that up with God.  Let everyone  know it’s not over.  To Wesley Ruiz aka Slope, keep your head up, keep  your faith in God.  To my family I love y’all.  That’s it Warden.
"(Spanish) To the Solano family, I want to tell them to  forgive me. While I am still alive I bring suffer to you all.  The harm  that I did to your dad and husband, I hope this brings you closure to all of  you.  I never wanted to hurt any of you all.  I received your card  and I want to thank you all.
(English) For my family I love you all very much.  No  matter what, remember my promise, no matter what, I will always be with you,  please keep my promise.
(Spanish) To Maricela I want to pass my spirit to my  mother-in-law, I leave you all with peace.
(English) I love you all, Warden I’m ready."
Yes sir, I want to say I love you to all my family and friends. Thank you Lord for your mercy and unconditional love. In Jesus name I pray, Amen.
That each new indignity defeats only the body. Pampering the spirit with obscure merit. I love you all, that's it.
To the victim’s family, I want you to know that I hope  you let go of all of the hate because of all my actions.  I came in as a  lion and I come as peaceful as a lamb.  I’m at peace.  I hope society  sees who else they are hurting with this.  To my loved ones, I hope both  victims find in their hearts to forgive me, and I have forgave everyone and I  love everyone, pray for my soul and I forgive myself.  I love y’all and  I’ll be waiting for y’all, my brother take care of my family.  Take care  of my girl, my mom, my sons and all of my loved ones.  Brother Wayne and  Brother Joe, thank y’all.  Jorge don’t give up on Luis, I’ll be  listening.  Thank you for everything.  Father I commend my soul,  please take care and watch everybody I leave behind.  I am ready  Warden.  Father please accept my soul.  I am sorry, I love y’all, I  am always going to be with you.  I love y’all, I love y’all. I love you  Father, I love you Father, I love you Savior.
Yes, sir. First I would like to thank God for letting me see my family. I say this with love, I'm sorry. I say this for my family with love and with God, I love you. I'm happy, and I would like to say on behalf of my family, I love y'all. I am happy. I look into my family's eyes, and I see sadness. Don't be sad, I'm happy. I am sorry for what I have done. Be mindful that I am happy till the end. To the family of my boss, I love you. Young people, listen to your parents; always do what they tell you to do, go to school, learn from your mistakes. Be careful before you sign anything with your name. Never, despite what other people say. God is with y'all. God is the only witness that knows what happened that night. I, Ramiro Hernandez, say this with lots of love to young people, listen to your parents please. Live your life to the fullest, you only live your life once. To the prison system, I would like to thank y'all. Thanks to the officers and to the warden that are going to witness this. I say this with a lot of love and happiness. I have no pain and no guilt. All I have is love. Love will win. Thank you God, I am going with you.
"(Written statement) 
  I just want to make a statement to all my friends, family, and supporters. Thank you all for the love. To the Christian hip-hop community, all the positive brothers I've done time with. To all the people that took the time to write a letter. Thank you.
    To my family, we are one. To my beautiful daughter, the best thing that ever happened to me. I love you endlessly. I am you and you are me forever.
      Lastly to God himself....Thank you being a gracious friend to me.  I love you with all my heart, mind, strength, in Jesus name.
(Spoken statement)
  I want to say to my family, please take care of each other, stay strong and faithful to God. I thank everyone for supporting me. Christine, I love you. To my daughter: baby, be strong, be positive, have a great life. You know what you meant to me, and I love you. Stay faithful to the Lord. Daughter, I love you, I love you, I love you. May the Lord God almighty in heaven, Jesus Christ see my spirit. Amen."
"I don't know if you remember back in 2000, you were happy the way it happened. You were looking for me yourself and would have taken care of me yourself. I am glad it happened this way. I wouldn't want to see you in my shoes. You would have probably been here, not me. I wouldn't wish this on you. I hope this can bring some relief to you and your family. I have no hate for you.
(In Spanish): Grandmother, Lilia, and Robert; have hope for me. I am with God. Thanks for being with me and all of your love. Mom, take care of my daughter. Many kisses, Mom.
Robert don't forget what I told you, I hope that this serves as an example for the youngsters. Think about it before you make a bad decision. 
Let's go, Warden. I'm ready."
I want to thank all of my family and friends for supporting me. I love you and I'm glad that ya'll are by my side through this whole thing. I know it's hard for ya'll. I love you Jennifer, mom, Jaime, Cory, David. Thank God for you being there for me. It's not easy, this is a release. Ya'll finally get to move on with your lives. Take care of my kids and stay strong, life has to go on. We've all lost grandpas, brothers, and sisters. Support and love each other. Don't fight with each other. I love you.
Yes, I would like to tell my wife that I love her and thank her for all the years of happiness. That will be all, Warden.
First of all; Shonna talk to your brother. He'll tell you the truth about what happened to your husband. I told Bubba to tell you what happened. Now, my statement to the world:  I am in the midst of truth. I am good, I am straight, don't trip. To all my partners, tell them I said like Arnold Schwarzenegger, "I'll be back." These eyes will close, but they will be opened again, my understanding of God is, Jesus has got me through. To my family, I love ya'll.
"Hey mom and pop. I love ya'll, all of you people in there. You know, ya'll have to come together, you too Terrella. Ya'll work on that. We all have to stand before God at the end of the day. Don't ever think you're perfect, none of us are perfect. God is the only one that is perfect. Jesus is perfect. I did wrong, now I am paying the ultimate price, even though it's a crooked way. I don't hate ya'll. Don't judge, I'm not judging. God has to judge those people. I forgive. Always remember, Romans 12:19 is for real, hell is for real. If ya'll don't have your life right, get it right. We all have to die to get to heaven. Get your life right with Christ; it's coming to an end. I'm talking to each and every soul in this building, in this room. I don't hate nobody, you're doing what you think is your job. God's law is above this law.
Hang on. Cowboy up, I'm fixing to ride. Jesus is my ride. Tell my babies daddy will look down on them. Put a ""C"" in his name for Carl. Tell my boys and tell Tracy to keep on keeping on. Love one another, go to church, change your life for Christ, live your life for Christ. All right, Warden. Terella, I feel it babe, love."
I love you Israel.
Even though I lay on this gurney, seconds away from my death, I am at total peace. May the Lord Jesus Christ be with me. I am at peace. Hate is going on in this world and it has to stop. Hate causes a lifetime of pain. Even though I lay here I am still at peace. I am still a proud American, Texas loud, Texas proud. God bless America, God bless everyone. Let's do this damn thing. Director Hazelwood, thank you very much. Thank you everyone. Spark, I love you, all of you. I love you Conna. It's all good, it's been a great honor. I feel it; I am going to sleep now. Goodnight, 1, 2 there it goes.
Yes, sir. I just want to say to all my supporters, family and friends; I love y'all and appreciate y'all. To the ones representing me today, thank you for everything. The system has failed me. This is a miscarriage of justice. There are people on death row that need help. I love my family. I love you too, Mom. I am alright. I asked the Lord to have mercy on me and I hope He has mercy on these people carrying out this mass slaughter. They have no respect for humanity.  To Melanie, I never meant to hurt you. You were just in the wrong place at the wrong time. I am not asking for your forgiveness. All I have to worry about is God forgiving me. I hope you get better and for the doctors to continue to take care of you. Take care of my mother for me. To everybody, know that I love you and I am OK. Lord, have mercy on my soul. Lord, have mercy on my soul. Lord, have mercy on these peoples' soul. Life is not supposed to end this way. No more pain and frustration. When I knock at the gates, they will open up and let me in. To my mom and everybody, I love you. I can feel it right now. My life, my life.
Noel, I love you man. You have been there for me through thick and thin, you and Brigitta. Be there for each other. I am at peace, we have no worries, just as I have no more worries. To the victim's family, may you be at peace also.
Yes, I do, Victor, Gary Hey bros, I know you can hear me, I can't hear you. I was in there right now thinking how we grew up... You know how we grew up in the same house. We need to love each other like we use to. Deena, Bob we were raised in the same house, we need to take care of each other and love each other like we use to. Adela I love you, Mijta, I need you to take care of your mom. We need to love each other like we use to. Juana, all the kindness that you showed me. Taking the time to show me the friendship that you did. I can never repay that. Take of yourself OK; you see I am doing good. I am OK. Thank you for showing me that I can be loved again. You showed me a love that I sometimes didn't deserve. I love you for that. You need to take care of yourself. I am going to be OK; I know where I'll be. I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you , I love you, I love you too bro. Take care of yall. May God have mercy on my soul. I thought it was going to be harder than this. I am ready to go. I am going to sleep now. I can feel it, it's affecting me now.
If I can go back and change the past I would, there's nothing I can do. I'm sorry. I love you Adonya. That's it.
I am going to start with the victim's family. I know I took someone very precious to you. Myself and Mr. Galloway who you will see tomorrow. Please forgive me. God has given me peace. I love each and every one of you. You have to forgive me for you to gain the kingdom of Heaven. I wish what was torn from you was not. I do know how it feels to have lost loved ones. This was the only way God could save me; I would pay it back a thousand times to bring back your loved ones. I would pay it gladly. I love each and every one of you and hope you can find forgiveness for me. I don't require your forgiveness, because God has forgiven me. Sorry, I hope you find peace. God's love is infinite. If you hate me, please give it up. I forgive you and I hope you can forgive me. Mom, you are my strength. Kathy we've had some good memories, you are still the monkey. Mom, this is nothing, I am going to go to sleep and wake up with Jesus. This is the only way God could save me. Stefanie, she is my heart, say goodbye to Stefanie. I do not want anybody to mourn my death, celebrate my life. God loves me and God loves you. Mom, you didn't do anything wrong. Thank you, Warden, Thank you Chaplain, Thank you God, I am ready to go. God please take me home. I am ready Warden. Thank you Jesus. I am going mom.
Tell my family goodbye. I can't see them. Jenny, you keep your promise to me, O.K.? Dell, you take care of Gaylene always. Dixie watch over all the kids. Tell them thank you for coming down. Jennie talk to them O.K.? Talk to Jennie, O.K. Dell. Dell you tell the rest of them what they did was wrong for letting me fall for what they did. I never done anything in my life to anybody.
Bye, I'm Ready.
I am sorry, I never wanted to kill your family. I never wanted to kill your family or these people. I am sorry for the way I talk in English. I did it to myself. I was forced to do it. I was a gang member. I never wanted to kill your brother. I was forced to do this. I blame myself. I am not going to blame nobody. I got my mother and my family too. I was forced. I tell you from my heart. I am sorry with all my heart. That's the reality of life, I am sorry. I got to pay for it. To my family, I love you, be strong. They have family too; the way they suffer is the way I am suffering. I am asking you to go and give them hugs. Please accept their hugs. Be strong in the Lord. I love you sister. I love you all, please go and try and talk to the family. I love my family. I understand why I am paying this price. Do not have any excuses for not extending your love. I am ready Warden, I am sorry everybody, I did it. Thank you brother, don't hate nobody, I feel good. I love my family, I love you Jesus. Be strong mama, I love you sister. I love Jesus. Warden I am ready.
I already gave my statement. (talked to family) Love you all, take care. Bobby Nell Love ya.
Hello, ain't got to worry about nothing. I am going home. I hope to see all of ya'll one day. Lord have mercy on my soul. For the Flake family, stay strong. It's bad to see a man get murdered for something he didn't do, but I am taking it like a man, like a warrior. I am going home to Jesus. I love ya'll, peace. Iam ready sir... Don't forget to tell my daughter,,, I am ready, Warden.
First I want to say to the family, I'm sorry I hope you find it in your heart to forgive me. The Lord has forgiven me. All I can say is I'm sorry. God Bless. To my family, I'll be there waiting for ya'll, alright? God Bless.
God forgive them, God forgive them for they know not what they do. After all these years my people are still lost in hatred and anger. Give them peace God for people seeking revenge towards me. I love you guys, I love you guys. God give them peace. I love you Chiquita. Peace, Freedom, I'm ready.
Yes, Sir I do. I'd like to say I love my mother, brother, sister, grandmother, cousins, and nieces, and my brothers and sisters I have never met. I do apologize to the Surace family. I am responsible for them losing their mother, their father, and their grandmother. I never meant for them to be taken. I am sorry for what I did and I take responsibility for what I did. That is all Warden.
I do, I would like to tell everybody that I'm sorry about the situation that happened.  My bad - everybody is here because of what happened.  I'd like to thank everybody that's been here through the years.  The little kids overseas - they really changed me.  Sister Doris, mom, brothers, sister, dad; I love ya'll.  My brother... where's my stunt double when you need one?  My Lord is my life and savior, nothing shall I fear.
Yes, for all of those that want this to happen, I hope that you get what you want and it makes you feel better and that it gives you some kind of relief.  I don't know what else to say.  For those that I have hurt, I hope after a while it gets better.  I love you, I love you.  I am sorry.  That's it, goodbye.  I love you Irene, I love you sis.
To my family, first and foremost - I love you all. The calmness that I was telling you about, I still have it. You are Mario's Uncle, correct? I just wanted you to know that I wronged your family. I received nothing, I was not paid. I took his life for the love of a friend. I love you all. I just want you to know that. I know he does, I feel it. I'm alright. Make sure momma knows, alright. Jermaine, I love you too man. Alright Warden.
Yes sir, to my family and children, I love you very much.  Dianne, Virginia, Toby and Irene I love all of you.  I apologize for not being the man you wanted me to be.  I am going to be free, I am going to Heaven.  Please be strong and I love you all. To the Wright family, I pray for you, please find peace in your heart.  I know you may hate me for whatever reason, the Lord says hate no one.  I hope you find peace in your heart.  I know my words cannot help you, I truly mean what I say.  God Bless you all.  I love you Dianne, Mary Virginia. Kick the tires and light the fire, I am going home to see my son and my mom, I love you and God Bless you.
Yes sir. I want to ask if it is in your heart to forgive me. You don't have to. I know I allowed the devil to rule my life. I just ask you to forgive me and ask the Lord to forgive me for allowing the devil to deceive me. I thank God for having patience with me. I don't deserve to cause you pain. You did not deserve this. I deserve what I am getting.
Yes, your honor.  I know you people are here to find closure for the things that you have done or that I have done.  There are no words to describe the pain and suffering that you have gone through all these years, that is something that I cannot take back from you all.  I hope that Megan, if she is here present today, know that today I hope you get peace and joy.  I am sorry that it has taken 14 years to get closure.  If it would have brought closure or brought her back, I would have done this years ago, I promise, I promise. My family all knows the sincerity in my heart when I say these words to you.  I didn't mean to inflict the pain and suffering on your family.  I pray that she is safe in Heaven.  I pray that you find closure and strength.  My family prays for you and everybody, if these words can ever touch your heart, I am sorry, I am truly sorry.  Ya'll take care.  I love ya'll.  Pastor tell Megan I am sorry.
Yes sir. Darling Kerstin, these last few years have been blessed having you in my life. And to all my friends that have been out there, thank you for your friendship and support and all you have done for me. The guys back there waiting, keep the faith and stay strong and put your faith in the Lord. Many times in life we take the wrong road and there are consequences for everything. Mistakes are made, but with God all things are possible. So put your faith and trust in Him. We talk about a reprieve or stay from the Supreme Court, but the real Supreme Court you must face up there and not down here. Keep your heads up and stay strong. I love you all. That is it. Stay strong. Thank you.
Jack and Irene, I love you guys.  Tell my family I love them.  I am sorry for the things I have done.  I know God will forgive me.  Keep track of Danielle for me.  I will miss you guys.  I love you.  I guess that's all.
Yes sir, I do.  To the victim's family.  I hope it helps a little.  I do not know how, but I hope it helps.  I love you all, all of you.  You know I love you.  Thank you for bringing my children back to my life.  Thank you.  I love you all.  I love you all very much.  Thank you very much.  (Statement amended 01/09/06)
Yes.  The victim's family is not here so I won't address them.  I want to thank my family and friends for everything.  My wife, Ailsa, my sister-in-law, Laura - thank you for being here for me.  I love you.  And thanks for the friends at the Polunsky Unit that helped me get through this that didn't agree with my decision - and still gave me their friendship.  I thank them.  Warden...
Yes sir, I do. I would like to apologize to the family of the victim. I am sorry for the pain I have caused you. I know it is a great loss and I want to apologize. I am sorry. And to my family, I love you and I will see you all in Heaven. O.K.
Yes.  I would just like to say to my family that I am sorry for all the grief I have caused.  I love you all.  Tell Mama and the kids I love you; I love all of you.  And I would like to clear some things up if I could.  Tommy Perkins, the man that got a capital life sentence for murdering Kinslow -- he did not do it.  I did it.  He would not even have had anything to do with it if he had known I was going to shoot the man.  He would not have gone with me if he had known.  I was paid to shoot the man.  And Martin, the younger boy, did not know what it was about.  He thought it was just a robbery.  I am sorry for that.  It was nothing personal.  I was trying to make a living.  A boy on Eastham doing a life sentence for killing Jamie Kent - I did not do it, but I was with his daddy when it was done.  I was there with him and down through the years there were several more that I had done or had a part of.  And I am sorry and I am not sure how many - there must be a dozen or 14 I believe all total.  One I would like to clear up is Cullen Davis - where he was charged with shooting his wife.  And all of these it was never nothing personal.  It was just something I did to make a living.  I am sorry for all the grief I have caused.  I love you all.  That is all I have to say.
Yes. Connie, Nanny, Bea, Kathy and Richard - I love you all and I thank you all very much for supporting me with your love. In the name of Jesus, I am sorry for the pain I caused you all. I am sorry. Gilbert didn't deserve to die and I want you all to know I am sorry. I pray that the good Lord will give you all peace. Okay.
To the media, I would like for you to tell all the victims and their loved ones that I am truly, truly sorry for taking their loved ones' lives.  And I hope they will find it in their heart to forgive me for what I did to them.  I am a different person now, but that does not change the fact of the bad things I have committed.  God can give you the same peace He gave me and you can be in His hands.  And to my beautiful family, be strong.  Remember what I said, "God is the Way, the Truth, and the Life."  OK, Warden.
The statement that I would like to make is, none of this should have happened and now that I'm dying, there is nothing left to worry about. I know it was a mistake. I have no one to blame but myself. It's no big deal about choosing right from wrong. I pray that everyone involved overlooks the stupidity. Everybody has problems and I won't be a part of the problem anymore. I can quit worrying now, it was all a mistake. That's all I want to say.
I would just...(speaking in French).  I love all of you.  I love you Lundy, Levi, my dad.  I have no grudges against anyone, or any of the things that have gone wrong.  I would like to say to the world, I have always been a nice person.  I have never been mean-hearted or cruel.  I wish everybody well.
Written: There are many things I would like to say, but none more important that how I feel toward Mr. & Mrs. Kenney, and Ms. Arnott.  I would like to apologize and say I'm sorry but words seem so hollow and cheap.  Their death should not have happened, but it did.  I'm so sorry that all of this took place.  Now I have devastated my family as well, but my heart has grown in the last few minutes because I was forgiven by the family of Mr. & Mrs. Kenney, and Ms. Arnott.  Thank You.  You have given me more hope then I have had in a long time.  If I could change things I would, not for my sake but for all those who have loved me over the years, and for those who have forgiven me.  Thank you for all that you have given me.
The only thing I want to say is that I appreciate the hospitality that you guys have shown me and the respect; and the last meal was really good. That is about it. Thank you guys for being there and giving me a little bit of spiritual guidance and support.
I would like to say to the family, I regret the pain I've put you through and I hope you can get over it someday.  Mom and Dad, I love you.  Take care.  I'm ready.
Yes, sir.  I want to give thanks to Father Walsh, my spiritual advisor and Mr. Whiteside and Irene Wilcox and her husband, Jack, and Richard Lopez for being there for me through all of this.  I don't see O'Brien.  Oh, there he is. Thanks to everybody.  Everybody will be all right, because y'all are going where I am going.  Remember what I said, I want to see you all where I'm going.  I want to give thanks.  God, come and do Your will.  I'm ready Warden.
Yes, Warden.  I just want to let everyone know that this here is a tragedy.  What happened to Diana, Corey, and what is happening to me...it is a tragedy.  That is all Warden.
I'll start by saying I love all of you.  I will be waiting for your arrival, don't disappoint me by not showing up.  I will be there with the give of Christ.  We'll all be there.  I promise I'll go up smiling.  I am sorry.  If I could think of a word in the vocabulary stronger, you need to hear something stronger, you deserve it.  I'm sorry, I can't take back what I have done.  I have asked Christ for forgiveness, and I ask that you forgive me.  And I understand your feelings.  God bless all of you.  I will be waiting for your arrival.  Do not disappoint me by not showing up.  God bless everybody.
First, I would like to tell my family that I love them. I will be waiting on them. I am fine. I hope that everyone gets some closure from this. I am innocent. Lubbock County officials believe I am guilty. I am not. Travis Ware has the burden on him to prove that he did not commit felonies. He needs to be stopped or he is going to do it time and time again. The power is invested in you as a public official to do your job.  That's all Warden. I love y'all.   June 25, 2008.
I want to give all the praise to God and glory and thank him for all that he done for me. With this let all debts be paid that I owed - real or imagined. The slate is wiped clean, all marked erased other than that there is no justice. That's not justice. Praise the Lord. Glory to Jesus Christ. Praise the Lord God.
Yes, first I would like to speak to the victims' family.  First of all, I would like to say that I do not know any of y'all and that is unfortunate, because I would like to apologize to each and every one of you individually.  I can't imagine what I have taken from y'all, but I do want to apologize and I want to let you know that I did do it.  You guys know that I am guilty and I am sorry for what I have done.  I apologize and I know that you may not be able to forgive me and I know that may not be able to forgive me in this life and in this world, but I hope sometime in the future you will be able to find it in you to forgive me.  And I want you to know that Christina, she did not suffer as much as you think she did.  I promise you that.  I give you my word.  I know you guys want to know where the rest of her remains are.  I put her remains in the Trinity River.  I have said that since I have come to death row.  I want to apologize to you again.  I hope sometime in the future you can forgive me.  Okay, now I want to speak to my mom and my family.  Brother Anderson, Kathy, I want you to know that I appreciate all these years that you have been coming to see me on death row and Daddy, I love you.  I appreciate y'all being here and being strong for me, and Mama, you know I love you, and I appreciate all of these visits, the letters and everything y'all have done for me.  Y'all have been wonderful.  You too, Granny.  I love y'all and you know, I want to apologize to y'all too for what I have done.  For all of the pain that I have caused, but all of this pain has brought us closer together and all of this suffering that we have been through has brought us all closer to the Lord and in the end that is what counts.  Isn't it?  That's what counts in the end; where you stand with Almighty God.  I know that God has used this to change my life.  And it's all been worth it because of that.  If I lie here today where I lie, I can say in the face of death, Jesus is Lord.  He has changed my life and I know that when I leave this body, I am going home to be with the Lord forever.  That is all I want to say.  I love y'all and I won't say goodbye, I will say I will see you again.  I love you, Daddy. Tonight I dance on the streets of gold.  Let those without sin cast the first stone.
I want to thank my family for their help and moral support and for their struggle. It would have been a lot harder without their love. So, I am just going home. I will see ya'll one of these days. Just don't rush it. I will be there always. I 'll always be watching over you. I love you. Okay? Y'all be strong. God bless you. That is where I am going. I love y'all huh. I'll see y'all in Slayton, Texas.  Dios te mandas contigo mi espiritu. (Spanish - God, I command my spirit to go with you.) Alabamos a Dios todos. (Spanish - We all praise God.) Amen Cuida mi familia. (Take care of my family.) I love you. That's it Warden.
First of all, I want to apologize to the family of Kelly Elizabeth Donovan. I am sorry for what I did to her twelve years ago. I wish they could forgive me for what I did. I am sorry. I am sorry for hurting my family, for hurting my friends. Jesus forgive me. Take me home with you. I am ready. I love you all.
Yes, sir. James Webb, I don't know which one you are out there. I can't remember from the trial. I personally just want to let you know if there has ever been any doubt in your mind at all of what happened, I want you to know that Patty was always faithful to you, that I forced her for everything that she did and I am sorry. I just don't know how to tell ya'll I am sorry for what I did. There is no way for expressing I am sorry. I just hope that in some kind of way that ya'll can move on and find peace in your life. The Lord has given me peace and that is all that I pray for is that ya'll can find that peace. I just want you to know that I am sorry for what I done. I can't change that, all I can do is say I am sorry, that's nothing for what I have done. I can't replace your loss. I am sorry. I just want you to know that I love all of ya'll. It's been a pleasure, ya'll just keep on with life, it's gonna be good. The Lord's gonna be with us. If it's alright, I just want to say a prayer first. Father, God, I just thank you for the time that you have given me on this earth, for having mercy on somebody like me for all the despicable thing's I've done in my life, Father, but you still with your love and your mercy reach down into my heart and changed it before it's too late. I ask that you bestow peace upon the family of Patricia Webb, that you let them know, Father, that you are in a place where they can obtain that peace, and you will help them move on in their life, Father. Help them, Father, to find it in their hearts, not for my sake , but for yours, and their sake to, Father, find it in their heart to forgive me for what I have done. Father, I just ask that you be with my family and comfort them to move on Father. Father, we are all here today for the mistake that I have made and I thank you for your mercy for sending your Son into this life, that we might come to know you, Father. Father, I pray for these Wardens and the officers and the people that deal with all of this, Father, I ask that you touch their hearts, Father, and if there is any wrong to it, that you will forgive them, Father. Just let them know that you love them, Father, and that You are the way. I just thank you and in Jesus' name, I pray, Amen. I love ya'll, ya'll take care. I am so sorry.
Dad, I love you both. You've been the best. All of you, all of you have truly been the best. And ah, I believe I'm going home. I'm sorry, and I really mean that, it's not just words. My life is all I can give. I stole 2 lives and I know it was precious to ya'll. That's the story of my whole life, that's what alcohol will do for you. Oh Jesus, Lord God, take me home. Precious Lord. Take me home Lord. Take me home. Yes, sir. Take me home oh Lord.
Like to tell my friends that I love them. Appreciate them being here to support me. Alison, I love you.
Mama Isabel told me to tell you hello. Holy, holy, holy! Lord God Almighty! Early in the morning our song shall rise to Thee; Holy, holy, holy, merciful and mighty! God in three Persons, blessed Trinity. Holy, holy, holy! Merciful and mighty. All Thy works shall praise Thy name, in earth, and sky, and sea; Holy, holy, holy, merciful and mighty! God in three Persons, blessed Trinity. Oh, our Father who art in heaven, holy, holy, holy be Thy name. Thy kingdom come, Thy will be done, on earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread and forgive us our sin as we forgive our debtors. Lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil, for Thine is the kingdom and the power and the glory forever and ever. Now, Father, into Thy hands I commit my spirit. Amen.
I would like to say a little something. I just want to say I'm sorry to the family. I know I caused you a lot of pain and suffering and I hope that you will find some peace and comfort in this. That if there is any anger you can let it go. Not let it come between you and God. Sorry for causing everybody such trouble tonight, Bruce, Joe, ya'll all treat me with respect I appreciate it. I really do. I just want to tell my family, everybody I love and I want you to know that I love you, and that God loves you too. Everything is going to be just fine, just fine. I love ya'll. That's it.
I would like to give thanks to God Almighty, by whose grace I am saved through His son, Jesus Christ, without whom I would be nothing today. Because of this mercy and grace, I have come a long way, and I would like to thank God and others who have been instrumental. I would like to say to the Lang family how truly sorry I am in my soul and in my heart of hearts for the pain and misery that I have caused from my actions. I am truly sorry. And to my family I would also like to extend to them the same apology for the pain and misery that I have put them through, and I love them dearly from the bottom of my heart, and one day I would like to see them on the other side. Some I will; some I won’t. I would like to thank all of the men on Death Row who have showed me love throughout the years, but especially the last two or three weeks, and I hold nothing against no man. I am so thankful that I have lived as long as I have. I hope that I have helped someone. I hope that [by] donating my body to science that some parts of it can be used to help someone, and I just thank the Lord for all that he has done for me. That is all I have to say, Warden.  Oh, I would like to say in closing, "What about those cowboys?"
"The first statement I would like to make it’s my sister. I want her to know that every thing that is said, every move that is made, every motion, I hold it true to my heart. I hold it in my soul.
I want you to know that I am not guilty and I will say this to the family. I did not kill your daughter. Take it the way you want. Sorry for the pain.
Sister, I love you and will be there with you, to help you. I want to talk to you about being there by her. You know what I am saying. I want to thank you, thank you for the words. The dying words, you know. They mean a lot. Make sure he knows what I want him to know.
I want to quote a song that I wrote called ""God Living with Us 24 Hours."" It goes:
Tell the kids I love them and I’ll be there. That’s all I have to say."
For the pain I have caused you. I am ashamed to even look at your faces. You are great people. To my brothers on Death Row. Mexico, Mexico…(Spanish).
"I really don’t have much to say. All I want to say is that when the state introduced my sister and my niece as state witnesses, it’s not that they testified against me. The thing is, my lawyers would not subpoena anyone, so they allowed the state to subpoena them to paint a picture to the jury that my own sister and niece was testifying against me.
Linda is innocent of this. I am innocent of this. Now all you all are seeing in the process a perfect example of ol’ freaky deaky Bill Clinton when he signed that anti-terrorism law to shorten the appeals. This is a conspiracy. They used false testimony of a woman that said I had raped her, when the test showed that the foreign pubic hair that was found on her body belonged to no one in that room. They found a drop of sposmosa in the crotch of her pants that was tied to blood type B. My blood type is A. Now the same woman there they brought to testify against this murder case. That woman was under indictment for possession of methamphetamine, delivery of methamphetamine. She could have gotten out of both of those cases. Yet, she swore under oath that she had never been in trouble with the law and none of that mattered. So what does that make this great state? A very high-priced prostitute that sells itself, called justice, to the highest bidder.
I am being charged under article 19.83 of the Texas Penal Code of murder with the promise of remuneration. That means they got to have three people, the one that paid, the one that killed, and the deceased. And the alleged remunerator is out on the streets, so how come I’m being executed today, without a remunerator? This is a great American justice. So if you don’t think they won’t, believe me they will. Ain’t no telling who gonna be next. That’s all I have to say. Especially for the people of the deceased, Sims is innocent and so am I. So the murder is still not there. Today you are a witness, the state (cough). Bye."
I just want to tell Catharina I love you. Take care of yourself. That’s all I have to say.
"1 Corinthians 12:31B – 13:13 (NIV)
And now I will show you the most excellent way.
If I speak in the tongues of men and of angels, but have not love, I am only a resounding gong or a clanging cymbal. If I have the gift of prophecy and can fathom all mysteries and all knowledge, and if I have a faith that can move mountains, but have not love, I am nothing. If I give all I possess to the poor and surrender my body to the flames, but have not love, I gain nothing.
Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud. It is not rude, it is not self-seeking, it is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs. Love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth. It always protects, always trusts, always hopes, always perseveres.
Love never fails. But where there are prophecies, they will cease; where there are tongues, they will be stilled; where there is knowledge, it will pass away. For we know in part and we prophesy in part, but when perfection comes, the imperfect disappears.
When I was a child, I talked like a child, I thought like a child, I reasoned like a child. When I became a man, I put childish ways behind me. Now we see but a poor reflection as in a mirror; then we shall see face to face. Now I know in part; then I shall know fully, even as I am fully known.
And now these three remain: faith, hope and love. But the greatest of these is love."
"I am sorry for what I did to your mom. It isn’t because I’m going to die. All my life I have been locked up. I could never forgive what I done. I am sorry for all of you. I love you all. Thank you for supporting me. I thank you for being kind to me when I was small. Thank you, God.
All right"
"Yes sir, I would like to say to all of you – the Thornton family and Jerry Dean’s family that I am so sorry. I hope God will give you peace with this.
Baby, I love you. Ron, give Peggy a hug for me. Everybody has been so good to me.
I love all of you very much. I am going to be face to face with Jesus now. Warden Baggett, thank all of you so much. You have been so good to me. I love all of you very much. I will see you all when you get there. I will wait for you."
"I want to thank the Lord for giving me this opportunity to get to know Him. He has shown me a lot and He has changed me in the past two months. 
I have been in prison 8½ years and on Death Row for 7, and I have not gotten into any trouble. I feel like I am not a threat to society anymore. I feel like my punishment is over, but my friends are now being punished.
 I thank the Lord for all He has done for me. I do want to tell the family that I am sorry but killing me is not going to solve nothing. 
I really do not believe that if Jesus were here tonight that he would execute me. Jesus is all about love. 
I want to thank all of my friends for supporting me and for being here for me. Thank all of my friends on the row. Thank you Lord. I am finished."
Well, my friends in my heart, I’m ready –
"I would like to apologize for all of the pain and suffering I put you all through. I hope this will give you closure now and later on down the line.
Bob, I appreciate you coming – Stacey and Jess.
I will wait for you –"
"Goodbye.
I will wait for you in Heaven. I will be waiting for you. I love my parents. I am at peace with God.
Fight for the good."
"I have a statement prepared that I have given to the Chaplain that I want released to the media.
I am ready, Warden."
"First of all I want to thank the LORD, my family and my wife Nora for all the support and encouragement they’ve shown me through all this. I love you!! Now I want to thank all of you that came here today to be with me. I know most of you are here to see me suffer and die but you’re in for a big disappointment because today is a day of joy. Today is the day I’ll be set free from all this pain and suffering. Today I’m going home to HEAVEN to live for all eternity with my HEAVENLY FATHER JESUS CHRIST, and as I lay here taking my last breath, I’ll be praying for all of you because you’re here today with anger and hatred in your hearts letting Satan deceive you into believing that what you’re doing is right and just. GOD help you, because what you’re doing here today and what’s in your hearts here today makes you no better than any man or woman on death-rows across this country. Today you’re committing murder too!!! I pray on my own behalf for forgiveness for any and all of the pain I’ve caused you, I pray that some day you’ll realize your own mistakes and ask GOD to forgive you as I have, because there is no peace without GOD’s forgiveness. 
Amen."
I want you to know that I did not kill anyone. I love you all. (Inmate’s words were not clear)
(Mumbled.) Tell Mama I love her.
I thank God that he died for my sins on the cross, and I thank Him for saving my soul, so I will know when my body lays back in the grave, my soul goes to be with the Lord. Praise God. I hope whoever hears my voice tonight will turn to the Lord. I give my spirit back to Him. Praise the Lord. Praise Jesus. Hallelujah.
I want the world to know that I’m innocent and that I’ve found peace. Let’s ride.
I would like to say that I have no animosity toward anyone. I made a mistake 18 years ago – I lost control of my mind but I didn’t mean to hurt anyone. I have no hate toward humanity. I hope He will forgive me for what I done. I didn’t mean to.
I would like to tell my family I love them. My attorneys did their best. All of my brothers on death row, those who died and those who are still there, to hang in there. And that's all I have to say.
I would like to thank my friends and family for sticking with me through all of this. I would like to encourage my brothers to continue to run the race. I thank my Father, God in Heaven, for the grace he has granted me –  I am ready.
Thank you for being my Lord Jesus and Savior and I am ready to come home. Amen.
I just love everybody, and that’s it.
I want to express my feelings regarding the mishap of the deceased Mrs. Iris Siff. That was a very unfortunate incident and only God knows why it was an unintentional situation that took place. I want to express my remorse to the family and the discomfort and pain I caused in their lives. Only God will determine if I am truly guilty or innocent of being the type of person I have been drawn up to be by the press and media. I have given my wife the power and energy to be a disciple of Islam. I rescued her from a wretched life in Ireland. I thank Allah for sending her to me. Certainly murder cannot be an instrument of Allah. My wife is very devoted.
I just ask everybody I ever hurt or done anything wrong to, to just forgive me for whatever wrongs I done to them.
I would like to point out that I have written a statement and the Warden will give you a copy. I still proclaim I am innocent, and that’s all I have to say.
