
“I would like to thank you.  I hope this execution  helps my family and also the victim’s family.  This was never meant to be,  sure beyond my power. I can only walk the path before me and make the best of  it.  I am sorry for putting y’all through this.  I am sorry, I love  you.  I am ready.  May we all go to Heaven.  Thank you Warden Jones.”
Life is death, death is life. I hope that someday this absurdity that humanity has come to will come to and an end. Life is too short. I hope that anyone that has negative energy towards me will resolve that. Life is too short to harbor feelings of hatred and anger. That's it.
"First, I want to let my mom know not to cry, there is no reason to cry, everybody dies. Everybody has their time, don't worry about me. I'm strong. To my family: my old man, my kids, daddy is sorry. I love each and every one of you. I'll be looking for you. To my wife, I love you. The last two years have been the best. All my kids, mom, nieces, and nephews, I am proud of all of ya'll. I love each and every one of ya'll. I really love ya'll.
To the victims, I'm very sorry for everything that happened. I am not the malicious person that you think I am. I was real stupid back then. I made a great many mistakes. What happened was wrong. I was a kid in a grown man's world. I messed up, and I can't take it back. I wasn't old enough to understand. Please don't carry around that hurt in your heart. You have got to find a way to get rid of the hate. Trust me, killing me is not going to give you closure. I hope you find closure. Don't let that hate eat you up, find a way to get past it.
Linda, I love you, I appreciate you. I hate the way things turned out. Ms. Sheri, thank you. To the victims again, I hate the way all of this happened to ya'll. I don't think any good will come of this. I am going to see ya'll again. I love ya'll, be strong for me. Keep your heads up. I came into the world strong. I'll leave the world strong. Warden, go ahead. I am sorry for the victim's family. Murder isn't right, killing of any kind isn't right. Got to find another way."
Yes, I want to start off by saying to everyone know that's involved in this atrocity that they are all forgiven by me. Mom, I love you.....(crying) I am ready to go Warden. Coming home dad, coming home dad.
Yes I do. I know ya'lls pain, believe me I shed plenty of tears behind Carlos. Carlos was my friend. I didn't murder him. This what is happening right now is an injustice. This doesn't solve anything. This will not bring back Carlos. Ya'll fought real hard here to prove my innocence. This is only the beginning. I love each and everyone dearly. Dre My queen. I love you. Yaws, Junie I love yall. Stay strong, continue to fight. They are fixing to pump my veins with a lethal drug the American Veterinary Association won't even allow to be used on dogs. I say I am worse off than a dog. They want to kill me for this; I am not the man that did this. Fight on. I will see ya'll again. That's all I can say.
Don't cry, it's my situation. I got it. Hold tight, It's going to shine on the golden child. Hold tight. I love you , I'm through with my statement.
Laura, I love you, stay strong. Jesus is coming back soon. Danny, something will pull us through. I will see you, keep your head up. For all of you, I am really sorry for what I've done. I wish you could have seen the videotape at the end of trial, so you could know the truth. I pray you find the peace through salvation. As my Lord, King of my life, find salvation through Christ. I hope He heals your heart. The truth is that you are going to feel empty after tonight. Standing with Christ in your heart, He can only give you peace. I pray you can find it, I really do. I love you Laura. I love you Danny. I love you Irene. (singing) Our god is an awesome God. Lord, I lift your name on high.
Yes. I appreciate everybody for their love and support. You all keep strong, thank you for showing me love and teaching me how to love. Forgive me, Lord. Ya’ll forgive me, remember me. For everybody incarcerated, keep your heads up. For my family, keep your heads up. I never stopped loving ya’ll. Stay strong and keep fighting, it’s not over yet. I love you all. I am out of here. I am gone. Keep me in your hearts.
Jesus receive my spirit. I love you Edgardo; I appreciate your hard work. Thank you. Okay, Receive my spirit. Thanks sir.
First of all I would like to tell my Uncle Kyle that I am sorry. I have been sorry for the last 10 years for what I did. I wish you could accept my apology. I know you can't accept my apology, I know you can't give your forgiveness; it's okay and I understand. I have done what I could to heal the rest of the family. I wish that someday you could come to terms and understand. I know I was wrong; I accept responsibility as a man. I take this penalty as a man. This doesn't solve anything, 'cause it hurts others that love me. I am sorry. I love you Kjersti. I love you too Roland. I love you too Uncle Kyle; I am still your nephew, no matter what you believe.
Can ya'll hear me? Tell my family that I love ya'll. Joe, Tim, everybody - keep your head up. I love you.
I do, I would like to tell everybody that I'm sorry about the situation that happened.  My bad - everybody is here because of what happened.  I'd like to thank everybody that's been here through the years.  The little kids overseas - they really changed me.  Sister Doris, mom, brothers, sister, dad; I love ya'll.  My brother... where's my stunt double when you need one?  My Lord is my life and savior, nothing shall I fear.
Yes I do.  Debbie, my Baby, I love you; do you know I love you.  You are my life.  You are my wife - always stay strong.  Stay strong everybody.  I am innocent.  I am being punished for a crime I did not commit.  I have professed my innocence for nine years, and I continue to say I am innocent.  Let my people know I love them.  We must continue on.  Do not give up the fight; do not give up hope for a better future.  Because we can make it happen.  I love you, I love my son, and I love my daughter.  Bruno, Chuckie, Juanita, Ray - I love you, all of you.  Stay strong baby.  I love you forever.
Yes I do, I would like to tell my family thank you for your support, and my friends. And let everyone know that you must stay strong for each other. Take care of yourselves. That's it, Warden.
Yeah.  Momma, I just want you to know I love you.  I want all of you to know I love you all.  I am at peace; we know what it is.  We know the truth.  Stay out of crime; there is no point in it.  I am at peace.  We know the truth and I know it.  I have some peace.  I am glad it didn't take that long - no 10 or 20 years.  I am at peace.  And I want everyone to know I did not walk to this because this is straight up murder.  I just want everybody to know I didn't walk to this.  The reason is because it's murder.  I am not going to play a part in my own murder.  No one should have to do that.  I love you all.  I do not know all of your names.  And I don't know how you feel about me.  And whether you believe it or not, I did not kill them.  I just want you all to have peace; you know what I'm saying.  There is no point in that.  It is neither here nor there.  You have to move past it.  It is time to move on.  You know what I'm saying.  I want each one of my loved ones to move on.  I am glad it didn't last long.  I am glad it didn't last long.  I am at peace.  I am at peace to the fullest.  The people that did this - they know.  I am not here to point fingers.  God will let them know.  If this is what it takes, just do what you got to do to get past it.  What it takes.  I am ready, Warden.  Love you all.  Let my son know I love him.
Yes sir.  To Mr. Jerry Nutt, I just hope this brings some kind of peace to your family.  I wish I could bring them back, but I can't.  I hope my death brings peace; don't hang on to the hate.  Momma, stay strong.  Lord forgive me for my sins because here I come.  Let's go, Warden.
Yes.  Yes, I do.  Do I just talk to the front?  O.K.  To everybody on both sides of that wall--I want you to know I love you.  I am sorry that the child had to lose her life, but I should not have to be here.  Tell my family I love them all and I will see them in Heaven.  Come home when you can.  I am done.  Love you all.
Only the sky and the green grass goes on forever and today is a good day to die.
Yes.  The victim's family is not here so I won't address them.  I want to thank my family and friends for everything.  My wife, Ailsa, my sister-in-law, Laura - thank you for being here for me.  I love you.  And thanks for the friends at the Polunsky Unit that helped me get through this that didn't agree with my decision - and still gave me their friendship.  I thank them.  Warden...
Yes I do.  I want to tell everyone, my family, thanks for standing by me.  I want to tell Mr. and Ms. Gray and everyone that I didn't do what I did to hurt you all.  I am sorry that I did what I did.  I don't think you know the true reason for doing what I did, but Brandy and I had a suicide pact and I just didn't follow through with it.  That did not come out in the trial.  I am not trying to hurt you by telling you this.  I am trying to tell you the truth.  I want Cindy to know that I know she is out there -- and Vicente Hernandez that I love them.  Thank you for all you have done and I want to make sure you are alright.  That is all I want to say.  I am ready.  See you later.  I am ready.
Yes Warden, I do. Well Mom, sometimes it works out like this. Love life; live long. When you are dealing with reality, real is not always what you want it to be. Take care of yourselves. I love you. Tell my kids I love them. God is real. He is fixing to find out some deep things that are real. Bounce back, baby. You know what I'm saying. You all take care of yourselves. That is it.
I just want to address Katrina and Rebecca. You have been beautiful to me. Without you in my life, I would not have been able to make it like this. Probably, I would have put up a good fight; you have calmed me. I love you. I respect you. Big brother, you put up the best fight you could and I love you. That is it.
"Spoken: To all my family and friends, I want you to know that I love you very much.  I appreciate all the good and bad times together.  I'll always remember you, and love you forever.  And to the West family, I hope you can find it in your heart to find forgiveness and strength, to move on and find peace.
 Written: The Death Penalty in Texas is broke.  When an attorney can be forced to represent you, who is not qualified to represent you under Texas laws, the system does not work.  When an attorney can dismiss your appeal process, by missing a filing deadline or for failing to file documents on behalf of a client, thats not Due Process of Law as guaranteed under the Unites States Constitution, the system does not work.  When officials of any state, such as the State of Texas, has so much confidence in their justice system, mistakes will be made, and innocent people will be executed.  Texas has executed innocent people, and tonight, Texas has shown just how broke and unfair its system is.  There is no clemency in Texas, a process that needs to be reviewed, and fixed.  Most importantly, the Texas Justice System need to be fixed.  I hope the politicians such as Elliot Nashtat, Harold Dutton, Rodney Ellis, and others, continue to do their part in trying to fix the Texas Justice System, and until so is done, continue to work for a moratorium on the death penalty in Texas. The victim of this case is NOT forgotten.  To the West family, I hope you find in your hearts forgiveness and peace, and find the strength to move forward and the closure they are looking for.  Nicholas West is not forgotten, and never will be forgotten.  To my family and friends, Anne Dolatschko, Debbie Bilodeau, and the many supporters around the world, as well as my attorneys, Michael Charlton, who has always been there for me and done everything in their will and power to help me and stand by my side, I love you dearly, and you will always be in my heart forever.  Please continue to struggle and fight against the death penalty, as its only use has been for revenge, and it does not deter crime.  Its time for a moratorium in the State of Texas."
I am sorry for the pain: sorry for what I caused my friends, family and loved ones.  I feel a great deal of responsibility and guilt for all this crime.  I should be punished for the crime, but I do not think I should die for a crime I did not commit.  I am sorry, but nothing can bring Kim, Ollie, and Gigi back.  But I pray my death brings peace for my family that may unite the family.  I ask for your forgiveness and that you will all forgive me.  I have no animosity;  I am at peace and invite you all to my funeral.  We are still family.  I love you all, Momma, Aunt Deidra, family and everybody.  I love you.  I am ready, Warden.
I would like to say to the family, I regret the pain I've put you through and I hope you can get over it someday.  Mom and Dad, I love you.  Take care.  I'm ready.
The act I committed to put me here was not just heinous, it was senseless.  But the person that committed that act is no longer here - I am.  I'm not going to struggle physically against any restraints.  I'm not going to shout, use profanity or make idle threats.  Understand though that I'm not only upset, but I'm saddened by what is happening here tonight.  I'm not only saddened, but disappointed that a system that is supposed to protect and uphold what is just and right can be so much like me when I made the same shameful mistake. If someone tried to dispose of everyone here for participating in this killing, I'd scream a resounding, "No."  I'd tell them to give them all the gift that they would not give me...and that's to give them all a second chance. I'm sorry that I am here.  I'm sorry that you're all here.  I'm sorry that John Luttig died.  And I'm sorry that it was something in me that caused all of this to happen to begin with.   Tonight we tell the world that there are no second chances in the eyes of justice...Tonight, we tell our children that in some instances, in some cases, killing is right. This conflict hurts us all, there are no SIDES.  The people who support this proceeding think this is justice.  The people that think that I should live think that is justice.  As difficult as it may seem, this is a clash of ideals, with both parties committed to what they feel is right.  But who's wrong if in the end we're all victims? In my heart, I have to believe that there is a peaceful compromise to our ideals.  I don't mind if there are none for me, as long as there are for those who are yet to come.  There are a lot of men like me on death row - good men - who fell to the same misguided emotions, but may not have recovered as I have.  Give those men a chance to do what's right.  Give them a chance to undo their wrongs.  A lot of them want to fix the mess they started, but don't know how.  The problem is not in that people aren't willing to help them find out, but in the system telling them it won't matter anyway.  No one wins tonight.  No one gets closure.  No one walks away victorious.
First of all, I want to say that I want to apologize to Clay Peterson's father.  I am sorry.  And I want to thank you for everything you tried to do; it meant a lot to me.  I want to thank David Dow; you have been great to me and I know that I am fixing to die - but not for my mistakes.  My trial lawyers - they are the ones that are killing me.  I love my family and I know where I am going.  You all take care - Celina, David and tell Mama I love her, too.  I didn't call her 'cause I just couldn't.  I am going to heaven and I'll see you there.  Tom Crouch, and everybody, I love you.  Chiara, thank you for everything.  Fred, Rachel, Daniel, Oralia - thank you for being there for me.  I will be there with you all in spirit.  David Dow, you have been great.  Mary Moreno, from the Corpus Christi Caller Times, thank you for what you wrote.  You have been sincere and I wanted to talk to you, but they wouldn't let me.  David Dow, let them know what happened.  I am fine; I am happy; I will see you on the other side.
I pray that we all may learn to love and forgive so that we can have peace in the world.  It is with loving and forgiveness and living to learn to love and loving to live that we can learn the power of forgiveness and learn to live as brothers and sisters on this earth.  Until then, this will continue to happen -- capital punishment; and if we don't forgive, sooner or later we will all self-destruct.  You need to open up your heart and let God in.  I apologize for taking the life of your daughter and I know how much pain you must be in because I saw my family today.  And although my pain is not as deep as yours, I am very sorry.  Today, this does not bring you peace because this is not really the way.  We should forgive and love and I do apologize with all my heart and soul and I love you and I know your spirit and God dwells within us and we are all one big family of humanity; we must all learn to love and live together.  I will see you on the other side.  Thank you for your hospitality.
Yes.  My last statement.  I was wrongfully convicted of this crime against Michael Watkins and James Williams on 10th Street on August 31, 1993.  I got convicted on a false confession because I never admitted to it, but my lawyer did not put this out to the jury.  I did not kill those drug dealers.  I send love to my family and friends; my east side family and friends.  I am being real with the real.  That's all that counts in my heart.  I will see you later.  That's it.
Yes, first I would like to speak to the victims' family.  First of all, I would like to say that I do not know any of y'all and that is unfortunate, because I would like to apologize to each and every one of you individually.  I can't imagine what I have taken from y'all, but I do want to apologize and I want to let you know that I did do it.  You guys know that I am guilty and I am sorry for what I have done.  I apologize and I know that you may not be able to forgive me and I know that may not be able to forgive me in this life and in this world, but I hope sometime in the future you will be able to find it in you to forgive me.  And I want you to know that Christina, she did not suffer as much as you think she did.  I promise you that.  I give you my word.  I know you guys want to know where the rest of her remains are.  I put her remains in the Trinity River.  I have said that since I have come to death row.  I want to apologize to you again.  I hope sometime in the future you can forgive me.  Okay, now I want to speak to my mom and my family.  Brother Anderson, Kathy, I want you to know that I appreciate all these years that you have been coming to see me on death row and Daddy, I love you.  I appreciate y'all being here and being strong for me, and Mama, you know I love you, and I appreciate all of these visits, the letters and everything y'all have done for me.  Y'all have been wonderful.  You too, Granny.  I love y'all and you know, I want to apologize to y'all too for what I have done.  For all of the pain that I have caused, but all of this pain has brought us closer together and all of this suffering that we have been through has brought us all closer to the Lord and in the end that is what counts.  Isn't it?  That's what counts in the end; where you stand with Almighty God.  I know that God has used this to change my life.  And it's all been worth it because of that.  If I lie here today where I lie, I can say in the face of death, Jesus is Lord.  He has changed my life and I know that when I leave this body, I am going home to be with the Lord forever.  That is all I want to say.  I love y'all and I won't say goodbye, I will say I will see you again.  I love you, Daddy. Tonight I dance on the streets of gold.  Let those without sin cast the first stone.
I would just like to apologize to the victim's family for what I did. I take full responsibility for that poor woman's death, for the pain and suffering inflicted on Mr. Koslow.  Father, I want to thank you for all of the beautiful people you put in my life. I could not have asked for two greater parents than you gave me. I could just ask for two greater people in their life now. It is a blessing that there are people that they love so much but even more so, people that I love so much.  I thank you for all the things you have done in my life, for the ways that you have opened my eyes, softened my heart. The ways that you have taught me. For teaching me how to love, for all of the bad things you have taken out of my life. For all the good things you have added to it.  I thank you for all of the beautiful promises that you make us in your word, and I graciously received every one of them. Thank you Heavenly Father for getting me off of death row and for bringing me home out of prison.  I love you Heavenly Father, I love you Jesus. Thank you both for loving me. Amen.
Be strong, brother. Be strong, my brother. Be strong, Mom. It's going to be alright. I love all of you. Don't forget that. Ironic, isn't it? I'm a cross. Ya'll take care of each other. I'll be watching over you. Thank you, Dana……Yes.
This inmate declined to make a last statement.
Adios, amigos, I’ll see ya’ll on the other side. I’m ready when ya’ll are.
"Goodbye.
I will wait for you in Heaven. I will be waiting for you. I love my parents. I am at peace with God.
Fight for the good."
I love you, Mom. Goodbye.
I just love everybody, and that’s it.
"This execution is not justice. This execution is an act of revenge! If this is justice, then justice is blind. Take a borderline retarded young male who for the 1st time ever in his life committed a felony then contaminate his TRUE tell all confession add a judge who discriminates plus an ALL-WHITE JURY pile on an ineffective assistance of counsel and execute the option of rehabilitation persecute the witnesses and you have created a death sentence for a family lasting over 10 years.
I will say once again…..This execution isn’t justice – but an act of revenge. Killing R.J. will not bring Anil back, it only justifies ""an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth."" It’s too late to help R.J., but maybe this poem will help someone else out there.
""Seeing Through the Eyes of a Death Row Inmate""
Sometime I wonder why, why he? Why did he go out into the world to see? To be out there and see what really did exist, now his name is written down on the Death Row list. I can only imagine how lonesome he was all by himself. We both knew he had no future left! His hopes and dreams became a fantasy. He often said, ""There’s nothing left of me."" I have asked myself, why did he get involved with drugs? He could never explain why he hung around with thugs? Did it really make him feel like a king – Did he actually think he was capable of getting away with anything? He knew the thought of life wasn’t ticking in his head. There’s nothing left but the memory of those who lay dead. What was did, cannot be undone. He was confessed, he was one of the guilty ones. What would he say to the victim’s family? – I’m sorry and my head wasn’t on straight. I hope you will accept my apology, even though it’s too late. I never knew I would take a life and commit a crime. I regret it because now I have to face the lethal injection while doing death row time. I knew I would pay with struggle and strife, but I never thought the cost would be me losing my life.
Richard J. Wilkerson
Written through his sister Michelle Winn"
When his attorney came into the witness room, he said, "Tell Mom I love her." The attorney said back to him, "I love you, too."
I want to say I hold no grudges. I hate no one. I love my family. Tell everyone on death row to keep the faith and don’t give up.
Mother, I am sorry for all the pain I’ve caused you. Please forgive me. Take good care of yourself. Ernest and Otis, watch out for the family. Thank all of you who have helped me.
"Be strong for me," Pinkerton told his father, Gene Pinkerton, as witnesses entered the execution chamber. "I want you to know I’m at peace with myself and with my God," Pinkerton said. He recited a prayer to Allah, the supreme being of Islam. "I bear witness that there is no God but Allah. With your praise I ask for forgiveness and I return unto you," Pinkerton said. "I love you, Dad."
D.J., Laurie, Dr. Wheat, about all I can say is goodbye, and for all the rest of you, although you don’t forgive me for my transgressions, I forgive yours against me. I am ready to begin my journey and that’s all I have to say.
