
I just want to say to  the family of Pablo Castro, I appreciate everything that y’all did to try and  communicate with me through the Victim’s Advocacy program.  I tried to  reply back, but there is nothing that I could have said or done that would have  helped you.  I have regret and remorse, this is such a heinous act.   I hope this finds you comfort, if this helps you then I am glad.  I hope  in some shape or form this helps you find closure.  To my wife, my  friends, my son, grasshopper, Dana and homies, I love y’all.  Just know  that I fought a good fight, and I am ready to go.  I am ready Warden.
Yeah, I want to  address the Roundtree family and apologize for the pain and suffering I caused.  And to the Diaz’s family that I had to put you through this, it should have  never happened. And to my mom and Morelia I love you and I’m going to miss you  all. I’m ready
"It’s 6:09 on  September 10th, Kayla and David, I wanted to apologize for the grief  and the pain that I caused y’all .I’ve been considering changing my life. It  took me 27 years to do so. Man, I want to apologize, I don’t know if me passing  will bring y’all comfort for the pain and suffering I caused y’all. I am at  peace. I understand now the pain that I caused y’all man, I don’t know what  else to say. It took a while to drag these years out. I am going with a humble  heart. I made wrong decisions but, I forgave myself. I made a discussion not  because of myself but because of everyone else. I forgave myself not for y’all  but the pain I caused to my family.
Oh man I  didn’t’ know if y’all would come or not but I am glad y’all did so I could talk  to y’all. I know the pain when I talk to my grandma. I’m just glad I got a  chance to talk to y’all. 
Freddie,  Sonia, Sofia, Oh man, thank you Jesus. I love y’all but glad you brought Jesus  into my life. Mom and Dad throughout the years I turned my back on God for the wrong  that I thought He committed now that I have found Him, let everyone know that I  love them because He is there. I have love for y’all. Tell mom I love them and  let dad know. To all my supporters out there thank you for the support and  positive wisdom and words. And to all the people who wrote me, and to all the  people who have people on death row show them love and support. They need it.  Thank you for putting in the effort. I want to thank those that did. Bubble and  Sofia God loves y’all. I love y’all. Mr. Warden I’m ready."
l want to make sure the Patel family knows I love them  like they love me. Make sure the kids in the world know I’m being executed and  those kids I’ve been mentoring keep this fight going. I’m good Warden.
"To everyone that has been there for me you know who  you are.  Love y’all.  See y’all on the other side.  
That’s it."
Yes, I would like to say nephew it burns huh.   You know I might have lost the fight but I’m still a soldier.  I still  love you all.  To my supporters and family y’all hold it down.  Ten  Toes down right. That’s all.
"First I would like to say I have been here since September 2005. I had the honor and privilege to know many prison guards and staff. I want to thank all of them. I would like for everyone to write the people on death row as they are all good men and I am very happy I got to know them. All of  their lives are worth knowing about.
Secondly on February 14th the medical examiner and the chief nurse were engaged in numerous false illegal acts. They tried to cover up that thousands were wrongfully convicted by Matt Powell, district attorney. This needs to be brought to justice.
I call upon the FBI to investigate Matt Powell and the Lubbock County Medical  Examiner. Lastly, I was born and raised Catholic and it was not lost upon  me that this is Holy Week and last Sunday was Palm Sunday. Yesterday was my birthday. Today is the day I join my God and father. The state  may have my body but not my soul.
In order to save my brothers on death row I call upon Pope Francis and all the people of  the world.
Lastly, I want everyone to boycott every single business in the state of Texas until all the businesses are pressed to stop the death penalty.
With that Lord I commend my spirit.
Warden I am ready to join my father."
I just want to tell my family thank you, my mom and  dad and sister and Sabrina. I love you Mercedes. I am sorry to David’s family.  This is only way that I can be forgiven. You got your justice right here.  That’s it. My trust in Jesus.
"I would like to thank everyone that has showed up on my  behalf, Kathryn Cox, I love you dearly.  Thank you Randy Cannon for  showing up and being a lifelong friend.  Thank you Dr. Steve Ball for  trying to bring the right out.  There are a lot of injustices that are  happening with this.  This is wrong.  Thank you Reverend Leon  Harrison for showing me the grace of God.  Thank you for all of my friends  that are out there.  This is not a capital case.  I never had  intended to do anything.  I feel very grieved for the loss of Walker, and  for Donovan and Marissa Walker.  I hope they can find peace and be  productive in society.  I would like to thank all of my friends on the row  even though everything didn’t work, close isn’t good enough.  I hope that  positive change will come out of this.
I would like to thank my father and mother for everything  that they showed me.  I would like to apologize for putting them through  this.  I would like to ask for the truth to come out and make positive  changes.  Above all else Donovan and Marissa can find love and  peace.  I hope they overcome the loss of their father.  At no time  did I intend to hurt him.
When  the truth comes out I hope that they can find closure.  There are a lot of  things that are not right in this world, I have had to overcome them  myself.  I hope all that are on the row, I hope they find peace and solace  in their life. Everyone can find peace in a Christian God or whatever God they  believe in.  I thank you mom and dad for everything, I love you  dearly.  One last thing, I thank all of my friends that showed loyalty and  graced my life with more positive.  I would also like to thank Gustav’s  mother for having such a great son, and showing me much love.  I have met  good people on the row, not all of them are bad.  I hope everyone can see  that.  I just want to thank everybody that came to witness this.  I  thank everyone, I am sorry things didn’t work out.  May God forgive us  all?  I am sorry mother and I am sorry father.  I hope you find peace  and solace in your heart.  I know there is something else I need to  say.  I feel that."
Yes, I would like to thank all of my supporters and  loved ones.  I love you, love y’all, always going to be with y’all.   Thank you Warden.
Shelby, God bless your heart.  To my family, I  love them and everybody that showed support.  Thank you to all of my  cousins and aunts and uncles that showed support and that prayed for me.   From California to New York thank you for all of your support.  Pope  Francis, God’s children has asked the State of Texas to switch my death  sentence to life in prison.  But the State of Texas has refused to listen  to God’s children, they will have to take that up with God.  Let everyone  know it’s not over.  To Wesley Ruiz aka Slope, keep your head up, keep  your faith in God.  To my family I love y’all.  That’s it Warden.
"(Spanish) To the Solano family, I want to tell them to  forgive me. While I am still alive I bring suffer to you all.  The harm  that I did to your dad and husband, I hope this brings you closure to all of  you.  I never wanted to hurt any of you all.  I received your card  and I want to thank you all.
(English) For my family I love you all very much.  No  matter what, remember my promise, no matter what, I will always be with you,  please keep my promise.
(Spanish) To Maricela I want to pass my spirit to my  mother-in-law, I leave you all with peace.
(English) I love you all, Warden I’m ready."
I'm ready to go home.
"Thank you for being here. I am sorry for all of the pain that I have caused my family, friends, and extended family. Especially to the Police Officers, I know you probably hate me. What happened between me and Rocky happended too fast. I didn't know what happened. I wish y'all peace and love. I hope you have found God just like I have. God bless y'all. I will see you on the other side. I love you."
To the victim’s family, I want you to know that I hope  you let go of all of the hate because of all my actions.  I came in as a  lion and I come as peaceful as a lamb.  I’m at peace.  I hope society  sees who else they are hurting with this.  To my loved ones, I hope both  victims find in their hearts to forgive me, and I have forgave everyone and I  love everyone, pray for my soul and I forgive myself.  I love y’all and  I’ll be waiting for y’all, my brother take care of my family.  Take care  of my girl, my mom, my sons and all of my loved ones.  Brother Wayne and  Brother Joe, thank y’all.  Jorge don’t give up on Luis, I’ll be  listening.  Thank you for everything.  Father I commend my soul,  please take care and watch everybody I leave behind.  I am ready  Warden.  Father please accept my soul.  I am sorry, I love y’all, I  am always going to be with you.  I love y’all, I love y’all. I love you  Father, I love you Father, I love you Savior.
I just want to tell my family  I love them; my son, I love him. The girls on the row, I love them and keep  their heads up. Tell Darlie I love her, hand in hand. God bless y'all. I'm  alright. Tell them I finished strong. I love y'all. I'm done. I love you,  Richie. I love you. Thank you, Brad and John, all of y'all. God is good. I love  you, Auntie. I'm done.
"(Written statement) 
  I always said that if I even get to this point, I would have already said everything that needed to be said to all of those who I love and have been with me throughout this whole journey. Today, I realized that I can never say everything that needed to be said, because there is still so much that needs to be said. First of all, I love you. My children, my friends, and all my brothers who have shared this experience with me on the row and who continue to experience this without me, keep your heads up. I love all of you. Secondly, I am ok. I have peace in my heart and ready for the next journey. I'm really ok. Last but not least, to my true brother in life, Crazy J, I love you, man. You and Bella have been the best. I'm sorry I couldn't talk with you before all of this, but you know me...You are my bro. I love you. I'm ok. My babies, remember what I said. We'll be together soon. I love all of you. John 14:27. 
(Spoken statement)
Yes, I left a written statement. I do 
have a verbal statement. I would like to remind my children once again, I love them. Crazy J, I forgot to write a list. Everything is ok. I love you all, and I love my children. I am at peace. John 14:27. I am done, Warden."
"(Written statement) 
  I just want to make a statement to all my friends, family, and supporters. Thank you all for the love. To the Christian hip-hop community, all the positive brothers I've done time with. To all the people that took the time to write a letter. Thank you.
    To my family, we are one. To my beautiful daughter, the best thing that ever happened to me. I love you endlessly. I am you and you are me forever.
      Lastly to God himself....Thank you being a gracious friend to me.  I love you with all my heart, mind, strength, in Jesus name.
(Spoken statement)
  I want to say to my family, please take care of each other, stay strong and faithful to God. I thank everyone for supporting me. Christine, I love you. To my daughter: baby, be strong, be positive, have a great life. You know what you meant to me, and I love you. Stay faithful to the Lord. Daughter, I love you, I love you, I love you. May the Lord God almighty in heaven, Jesus Christ see my spirit. Amen."
"I don't know if you remember back in 2000, you were happy the way it happened. You were looking for me yourself and would have taken care of me yourself. I am glad it happened this way. I wouldn't want to see you in my shoes. You would have probably been here, not me. I wouldn't wish this on you. I hope this can bring some relief to you and your family. I have no hate for you.
(In Spanish): Grandmother, Lilia, and Robert; have hope for me. I am with God. Thanks for being with me and all of your love. Mom, take care of my daughter. Many kisses, Mom.
Robert don't forget what I told you, I hope that this serves as an example for the youngsters. Think about it before you make a bad decision. 
Let's go, Warden. I'm ready."
I want to thank all of my family and friends for supporting me. I love you and I'm glad that ya'll are by my side through this whole thing. I know it's hard for ya'll. I love you Jennifer, mom, Jaime, Cory, David. Thank God for you being there for me. It's not easy, this is a release. Ya'll finally get to move on with your lives. Take care of my kids and stay strong, life has to go on. We've all lost grandpas, brothers, and sisters. Support and love each other. Don't fight with each other. I love you.
Yes, I would like to tell my wife that I love her and thank her for all the years of happiness. That will be all, Warden.
You clown police. You gonna stop with all that killing all these kids. You're gonna stop killing innocent kids, murdering young kids. When I kill one or pop one, ya'll want to kill me. God has a plan for everything. You hear? I love everyone that loves me. I ain't got no love for anyone that don't love me.
First of all; Shonna talk to your brother. He'll tell you the truth about what happened to your husband. I told Bubba to tell you what happened. Now, my statement to the world:  I am in the midst of truth. I am good, I am straight, don't trip. To all my partners, tell them I said like Arnold Schwarzenegger, "I'll be back." These eyes will close, but they will be opened again, my understanding of God is, Jesus has got me through. To my family, I love ya'll.
Yes, I would like to tell my family that I love ya'll and I wish ya'll well. I'm ready.
"Yes, I want to tell everybody that I love everybody. Keep your heads up. We are all family, people of God Almighty. We're all good. I'm ready. 
Are they already doing it? I'm gonna go to sleep. See you later. This stuff stings, man almighty."
Thank you, Jesus Christ. Thank you for your blessing. You are above the president. And know it is you, Jesus Christ, that is performing this miracle in my life. Hallelujah, Holy, Holy, Holy. For this reason I was born and raised. Thank you for this, my God is a God of Salvation. Only through you, Jesus Christ, people will see that you're still on the throne. Hallelujah, Holy, Holy, Holy. I invoke Your name. Thank you, Yahweh, thank you Jesus Christ. Hallelujah, Amen. Thank you, Warden.
You're not about to witness an execution, you are about to witness a murder. I am strapped down for something Marcus Rhodes did. I never killed anybody, ever. I love you, Mom. I love you, Tali. This is wrong. This whole thing is wrong. I can't believe you are going to let Marcus Rhodes walk around free. Justice has let me down. Somebody completely screwed this up. I love you too, Mom. Well Warden, if you are going to murder someone, go ahead and do it. Pull the trigger. It's coming. I can feel it coming. Goodbye.
I love you Israel.
I am sorry for everything that I have done. I've hurt a lot of people. For years I have never thought that I deserved any type of forgiveness. Lord Jesus Christ in my life, I know He has forgiven me, I have accepted His forgiveness. I have accepted everything. Let this be final and be done. I take the full blame for this. I am sorry and forgive me. I am truly sorry. I ask for forgiveness. Life goes on and it surely does. I am sorry for the victim's family for what I had did. May they forgive me. I don't know if you believe me, life goes on. I am sure it does. To the man to the right of me, I ask for forgiveness for you. Life goes on, it surely does. I ask for forgiveness. I am truly sorry. That is all. Let's get this show on the road. One more thing, Viva Mexico, Viva Mexico.
Yes, sir. I just want to say to all my supporters, family and friends; I love y'all and appreciate y'all. To the ones representing me today, thank you for everything. The system has failed me. This is a miscarriage of justice. There are people on death row that need help. I love my family. I love you too, Mom. I am alright. I asked the Lord to have mercy on me and I hope He has mercy on these people carrying out this mass slaughter. They have no respect for humanity.  To Melanie, I never meant to hurt you. You were just in the wrong place at the wrong time. I am not asking for your forgiveness. All I have to worry about is God forgiving me. I hope you get better and for the doctors to continue to take care of you. Take care of my mother for me. To everybody, know that I love you and I am OK. Lord, have mercy on my soul. Lord, have mercy on my soul. Lord, have mercy on these peoples' soul. Life is not supposed to end this way. No more pain and frustration. When I knock at the gates, they will open up and let me in. To my mom and everybody, I love you. I can feel it right now. My life, my life.
"Yes, sir. Jennifer, I love you. Mom, I love you. Rick, take care of you. For all of you people, I defended myself when I killed your family member. Prison is a bad place. There was eight against me. I didn't set out to kill him. I am sorry that I killed him, but he would not have been in prison if he was a saint. I hope ya'll understand that. I love you, baby.
I hope people understand the grave injustice by the state. There are 300 people on death row, and everyone is not a monster. Texas is carrying out a very inhumane and injustice. It's not right to kill anybody just because I killed your people. Everyone changes, right? Life is about experience and people change.
I love you, Jennifer. Mom, I love you and all my friends that I have known over the years that have always been there for me. I am ready to teleport. I love you, baby.
I hope you don't find satisfaction in this, watching a human being die."
"First of all I would like to give my sincere   apology to Amy's family. We caused a lot of heartache, grief, pain and   suffering, and I am sorry. I know it won't bring her back. I would like   to sing, I would like to sing for that person's dead. The old is gone. I   am not the same person that I used to be, that person is dead. It's up   to you if you would find it in your heart to forgive.
As for my family, I am sorry I let you down. I caused a lot of heartache, and I ask for your   forgiveness. I am not crying for myself, I am crying for the lost and   those that are dying for their sins, those that are committing suicide,   those that don't know God and have never been set free. I've been locked   up 13 years. I am not locked up inside, all of these years I have been   free. Christ has changed me. Even though I have to die for my mistake,   he paid for mine by wages I could never pay. Here I am a big strong   youngster, crying like a baby. I am man enough to show my emotions and I   am sorry. I am sorry for everything. I wish I could take it back, but I can't."
Yes, I do, uh at this time I would like to thank my parents who have been my pillar of strength throughout this. To my brothers and sisters and all my family members who have supported me and who have loved me despite my faults and imperfections. I would like to thank Pastor Williams for counseling me and guiding me. As I look to my right and I see the family of Forest Hall. I hope this brings you closure or some type of peace. I hope it helps his family, son and loved ones. This has been a long journey, one of enlightenment. It's not the end, it's only the beginning.
Yes, I do, Victor, Gary Hey bros, I know you can hear me, I can't hear you. I was in there right now thinking how we grew up... You know how we grew up in the same house. We need to love each other like we use to. Deena, Bob we were raised in the same house, we need to take care of each other and love each other like we use to. Adela I love you, Mijta, I need you to take care of your mom. We need to love each other like we use to. Juana, all the kindness that you showed me. Taking the time to show me the friendship that you did. I can never repay that. Take of yourself OK; you see I am doing good. I am OK. Thank you for showing me that I can be loved again. You showed me a love that I sometimes didn't deserve. I love you for that. You need to take care of yourself. I am going to be OK; I know where I'll be. I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you , I love you, I love you too bro. Take care of yall. May God have mercy on my soul. I thought it was going to be harder than this. I am ready to go. I am going to sleep now. I can feel it, it's affecting me now.
Samantha, I love you with all my heart and soul. Cori, thanks for everything, make sure my princess is all right. Death before dishonor. Cori, I think you should continue with criminal law. It’s your decision; they need lawyers out there that will fight. Death before dishonor. Warden let her rip. Thank you for coming Irene.
Yes I do, I would like to thank my family for their support, love and understanding. I would like to point out some things, I got your letter. It touched me and changed me. What happened was I been wanting to apologize to yall for your son. They told me not to do it in court. I wrote him a letter but they told me that they tore it up in court. I am not the monster they made me out to be. I made lots of mistakes that took your son. I'll take it to the grave, I will be at peace. You have test and drug results to show it. I am not just taking. I messed up, made poor choices. No rapes, I don't do drugs, I am not an alcoholic. Back to my family, Thank yall for being here. It is what it is. I got peace in my heart. Thank you. Bye bye yall. Bye bye peanut.
I do, I want to address you, I am sorry. I don't know who you are. I am sorry I put you through some things that I can't take back. I am sorry. This isn't going to change anything. Sorry for putting you through this. This is creating more victims. I am sorry, I put you through this. I love you man, I love you. This is not gonna change anything. This person shoe did that 10 years ago isn't the same person you see today. I hurt a lot of people with decisions I made. I can't be more sorry than I am right now. I hurt the Lopes family, let this be a lesson. Your decisions affect everybody. Look after your sister for me. I am always gonna be with you. I love you too Shay I love you if your listening I am sorry to be putting everybody through this. This is the end of this, time to move on. I hope this brings you peace, I am sorry. I told your sister my last words. Danielle, you know that I love you. You know that you have my heart, I've enjoyed these times. I love you little hef.
Yes sir, I would like to ask forgiveness of the family. I have no reason for why I did it, I don't understand why I did it. I hope that you can live the rest of your lives without hate. I pray the Lord grant me forgiveness. All powerful and almighty Lord I commit myself to thee, Amen.
Yes, I bear witness that there is no God, but Allah. From Allah we came and from Allah we will return. To my mother, friends I would like to thank you for all that you have done for me. For you love. This is another testimony of faith. We all have to walk this path. Smile, be happy don't cry. To the family of any victims, AsSalaam Alaikum, unto Allah I belong, unto Allah we return. I just want you to know that I never meant any of your family to get hurt. I hope you forgive me. I know Allah will forgive me, Allah is the forgiver. Go ahead Warden. I love you, love you too.
Yeah, I want to tell my family I love ya'll. Tell Kate I love her too. Tell brother, my kids I live ya'll. I'm gonna miss ya'll. I'm ready, ready.
I am sorry, I never wanted to kill your family. I never wanted to kill your family or these people. I am sorry for the way I talk in English. I did it to myself. I was forced to do it. I was a gang member. I never wanted to kill your brother. I was forced to do this. I blame myself. I am not going to blame nobody. I got my mother and my family too. I was forced. I tell you from my heart. I am sorry with all my heart. That's the reality of life, I am sorry. I got to pay for it. To my family, I love you, be strong. They have family too; the way they suffer is the way I am suffering. I am asking you to go and give them hugs. Please accept their hugs. Be strong in the Lord. I love you sister. I love you all, please go and try and talk to the family. I love my family. I understand why I am paying this price. Do not have any excuses for not extending your love. I am ready Warden, I am sorry everybody, I did it. Thank you brother, don't hate nobody, I feel good. I love my family, I love you Jesus. Be strong mama, I love you sister. I love Jesus. Warden I am ready.
Collins family, I know your not going to get the closure you are looking for tonight. I wish you the best. I prayed for ya'll every day and every night. I have only the warmest wishes. I am sorry for what you are having to go through. Mom, Pa, Kristy, Khristopher, Tony I love all ya'll. Thank you Mr. Whiteside. The Lord is my shepherd; I shall not want. He maketh me to lie down in green pastures; He leadeth me beside the still waters. He restoreth my soul; He guides me down the right paths. Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil; for thou art with me. Thou preparest a table before me in the presence of mine enemies; Thou anointest my head with oil; my cup over runneth.
Yes, Ain't no way fo' fo', I Love all yall.
Yes, I am sorry for what I've done and for all of the pain and suffering that my actions have caused. Jesus is Lord. All glory to God.
No, I love you. May the Lord be with you. Peace, I'm done.
Yes, I do. Thank you for your friendship Reverend Whiteside and thank you for your fellowship. God help me to say this statement correctly. I would like to say goodbye to mom and my brother, brother, sister, Chelsea, Danny, Johnny, Tito and Sylvia. My heart goes is going ba bump ba bump ba bump. I love my children, Roxanne, Roseanne, Melissa, and Louis. I miss them; I will take them with me in my heart. I will keep them in my heart. Thank you Mrs. Dyson for praying for me and everyone that has been praying for me. God loves everybody and myself. I can't say this correctly. Let's see. That's all right. I guess that's it. Our Father, who art in heaven, Hallowed by thy Name. Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done, On earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread. And forgive us our trespasses, As we forgive those who trespass against us. And lead us not into temptation, But deliver us from evil. For thine is the kingdom, and the power, and the glory, for ever and ever. Amen. Lord Jesus forgive of my sins, please forgive me for the sins that I can remember.
Yes sir, I want to tell my mom that I love her and thank her for everything that she has done for me. Tell my sister that I love her too thank her for everything that she has done for me. I hope you can move on after this. I'll be fine. I'll be O.K. I love you too. I love you too. Take care O.K. That's all I have to say Warden. Thank you sir.
Yes, I have to say that I am sorry for all the pain that I have caused you and your family. I only have love in my heart. I hope that you can all forgive me. I pray that you can all forgive me. Thank you for standing by me and being there for me. I am ready to go home. My baby I will always be with you. I really am sorry.
Well, first I want to say. They may execute me but they can't punish me because they can't execute an innocent man. I am not mad. Jack Herrington, I am not mad. You were given a job to do but that's neither here nor there. I am not mad. I am disappointed by the courts. I feel like I was upset and let down by them. But that's O.K. I just played the hand that life dealt me. Look at my life and learn from it. I am very remorseful about what I did. I apologize. To my kids, Daddy loves you. Irene Wilcox, Thank you. It's been a long journey. Thank you for being there. Tell Jack hello. I know I am wrong but I am asking ya'll to forgive me.
Is the mic on? My only statement is that no cases have ever tried have been error free. Those are my words. No cases are error free. You may proceed Warden.
Yes, nothing I can say can change the past. I am asking for forgiveness. Saying sorry is not going to change anything. I hope one day you can find peace. I am sorry for all of the pain that I have caused you for all those years. There is nothing else I can say, that can help you. Mija, I love you. Sis, Cynthia, and Sandy, keep on going and it will be O.K. I am sorry to put you through this as well. I can't change the past. I hope you find peace and know that I love you. I am sorry. I am sorry and I can't change it.
First off I'd like to say to Mr. and Mrs. Carrier, I apologize for your pain and suffering. I pray Lord, please forgive me. To my family, to my brother Gerard, I love you, Harold, I love you. To my step father Paul, I love you. Momma, I will always love you. Take care of my daughters, Kaneisha and Ieisha. Dad loves you. Continue to pray for me, I am fine. I have made peace with God. Please don't ever forget me. I love you mom. I love you all, take care. I love you too pop, keep your head up. Take care. I am going to sleep.
First I want to say to the family, I'm sorry I hope you find it in your heart to forgive me. The Lord has forgiven me. All I can say is I'm sorry. God Bless. To my family, I'll be there waiting for ya'll, alright? God Bless.
Yeah, I love all ya'll. I forgive all ya'll. See you when you get there. Do what your are going to do.
I am sorry my actions caused pain. I hope this brings closure to what you seek. Don't ever hate them for what they do. Never harbor hate. I love you. Alright Warden.
I want you all to know, everyone with all my heart, soul, mind and strength. Thank you for being here today to honor Falicia Prechtl, whom I didn't even know. To celebrate my death. My death began on August 2, 1991 and continued when I began to see the beautiful and innocent life that I had taken. I am so terribly sorry. I wish I could die more than once to tell you how sorry I am. I have said in interviews, if you want to hurt me and choke me, that's how terrible I felt before this crime. I am sorry, it is her innocence and her life which began the remorse every since December 1, 1991. I have embraced life. Thank you for being a part of my life. I love you. May God be with us all. May God have mercy on us all. I am ready. Please do not hate anybody because.......(end of statement)
Yes sir, I do. Go ahead? First of all I want to thank God for the love; thank God for the love from the family and friends that I have. To God I give the glory though the years. I love and care about the Lord. The Lord knows that I prayed for the victim's family. I know you all probably have bitterness and hate for what I did. There is not a day goes by that I have not prayed for Ronni Dawn Hewitt and Carol Dawson and her daughter who was left behind. I pray to God, the Lord Almighty that like he did for me, he will reach out and help you. I just pray that the Lord takes away your bitterness. There is so much hurt that I have caused you all. On the phone, I talked to my family for two hours. It was hard to see such a big man just break down and cry like a little baby. I hope this will touch your hearts like you have touched mine. I know it is hard for you all. I am to blame for this, I will take that Lord, when I get there. Back in 2003, I want to tell you this. I got down on my knees. The Lord knew my heart. I wanted to kill myself. I spoke to Ms. Ronnie Dawn Hewitt. The next day I received a letter that they had lost a friend to suicide. She said that she forgave me and that was something that I needed to hear. God helped me to forgive myself and move on. I just pray that some day you will find forgiveness in your heart. Know that your loved one is in a good place. I am sorry for what I have done. I cannot agree with this injustice. The Bible says that you shalt not kill, but it also says to obey the government. I am sorry, forgive me. Francis, I love you and thank you for being here. I have no ill will towards anyone carrying out this so called justice. Thank you. I am ready Warden.
God forgive them, God forgive them for they know not what they do. After all these years my people are still lost in hatred and anger. Give them peace God for people seeking revenge towards me. I love you guys, I love you guys. God give them peace. I love you Chiquita. Peace, Freedom, I'm ready.
Yes. I just want to let you all know that I appreciate the love and support over the years. I will see you when you get there. Keep your heads up. To all the fellows on the Row, the same thing. Keep your head up and continue to fight. Same thing to all my pen friends and other friends, I love you all. I can taste it.
Could you please tell that lady right there, can I see her, she is not looking at me. I want you to understand something, hold no animosity towards me. I want you to understand please forgive me. When I get to the gates of Heaven I will open my arms for you. Please forgive me, do not worry about what is going to happen. I don't want you to worry. I don't want you to suffer, I am not mad at you. Shed no tears for me. Even though you don't know me, I love you, I love all of ya'll. I ask ya'll in your heart to forgive me. To my family, I love all of you. What's happening now, you are suffering. I didn't mean to hurt you. Stephanie, Felicia, Carlos and my Father. I love my Father. I want you to understand that life goes on. Continue to live your life and don't be angry at what is happening to me. This is destiny, this is life. This is something I have to do and I am going to be with my momma and your momma. I want everyone to continue to live your life. Thank you and I love all of you. What is happening to me now is unjust and the system is broken. At the same time I bear witness there is no God but Allah and the Prophet Mohammad. Unto Allah, I belong unto Allah I return. I love you.
Yes, I do.  I thank the Lord for giving me my friends, for getting me the ones I love.  Lord reach down and help innocent men on death row.  Lee Taylor needs help, Bobby Hines, Steve Woods.  Not all of us are innocent, but those are.  Cleve Foster needs help.  Melyssa, I love you girl.  I know I wasn't going to say anything, but I've got to.  Jack, Irene, Danny, Doreen, I love you guys.  I said I was going to tell a joke.  Death has set me free.  That's the biggest joke, I deserve this.  And the other joke is I am not Patrick Bryan Knight, and ya'll can't stop this execution now.  Go ahead, I'm finished.  Come on, tell me Lord.  I love you Melyssa, take care of that little monster for me.
I love ya'll and I'm gonna miss ya'll.
First of all, you have every right to hate me and every right to want to see this. To you and to my family, you don't deserve to see this.  I wasn't going to apologize by letter, I wanted to apologize face to face.  None of this should have happened.  It is the right thing to do.  I have a good family, just like you are a good family.  I hope that any bitterness that you have because of what I did, I hope you can learn to forgive.  I asked my family to contact you, because they did no wrong.  I am responsible and I am sorry to you all.  Thank you all my Jefe (dad), my brothers, Maria and my Grandfather.  Thank you, we will see each other again.  Thank you, Lord Jesus receive my spirit.
Yes, Sir I do. I'd like to say I love my mother, brother, sister, grandmother, cousins, and nieces, and my brothers and sisters I have never met. I do apologize to the Surace family. I am responsible for them losing their mother, their father, and their grandmother. I never meant for them to be taken. I am sorry for what I did and I take responsibility for what I did. That is all Warden.
Uh, I don't know, Um, I don't know what to say.  I don't know.  (pauses)  I didn't know anybody was there.  Howdy.
Yes, for all of those that want this to happen, I hope that you get what you want and it makes you feel better and that it gives you some kind of relief.  I don't know what else to say.  For those that I have hurt, I hope after a while it gets better.  I love you, I love you.  I am sorry.  That's it, goodbye.  I love you Irene, I love you sis.
Jennifer, where are you at?  I'm sorry, I did not know the man but for a few seconds before I shot him.  It was done out of fear, stupidity, and immaturity.  It wasn't until I got locked up and saw the newspaper.  I saw his face and his smile and I knew he was a good man.  I am sorry for all your family and my disrespect - he deserved better.  Sorry Gus.  I hope all the best for you and your daughters.  I hope you have happiness from here on out.  Quit the heroin and methadone.  I love you dad, Devin, and Walt.  We're done Warden.
Yes, Love you mom, love you pop, love you Sara, and Amanda.  Um, Cathy you know I never meant to hurt you.  I gave you everything and that's what made me so angry.  But I didn't mean to hurt you.  I am sorry.  That's it.
All praises be to God. I would like to say to the Garza family, see my smile, it is not from happiness. I took a father, it wasn't my fault, it was an accident... God knows the truth. If my life could bring your father back, then let it be. Don't take my smile for Disrespect. If I see your father I will ask him forgiveness. I told the Judge the truth it was an accident. I'll smile and I am not sad. If my life could make you happy, be free. I'll say when I see him I'm sorry. I have no anger nor fear. Mom have no fear. Mommy I will be home when I get there.
To my family, first and foremost - I love you all. The calmness that I was telling you about, I still have it. You are Mario's Uncle, correct? I just wanted you to know that I wronged your family. I received nothing, I was not paid. I took his life for the love of a friend. I love you all. I just want you to know that. I know he does, I feel it. I'm alright. Make sure momma knows, alright. Jermaine, I love you too man. Alright Warden.
Yes, I do.  To the victim's family, I am sorry you lost a brother, loved one, and friend.  To my family, I love you all.  Keep your heads ups and know I will be in a better place.  And you all look after Aleda and make sure she is a part of this family.  I appreciate you all and love you.  I apologize that you lost a loved one this way.  God bless you all.  O.K. Warden.
I do.  I am sorry.  I have always been sorry.  It is the worst mistake that I ever made in my whole life.  Not because I am here, but because of what I did and I hurt a lot of people - you, and my family.  I am sorry; I have always been sorry.  I am sorry.  You look after each other.  I love you all.  Be there for one another.  Alright.  But I am sorry; very sorry.  I love you too.  Alright.
Yes, your honor.  I know you people are here to find closure for the things that you have done or that I have done.  There are no words to describe the pain and suffering that you have gone through all these years, that is something that I cannot take back from you all.  I hope that Megan, if she is here present today, know that today I hope you get peace and joy.  I am sorry that it has taken 14 years to get closure.  If it would have brought closure or brought her back, I would have done this years ago, I promise, I promise. My family all knows the sincerity in my heart when I say these words to you.  I didn't mean to inflict the pain and suffering on your family.  I pray that she is safe in Heaven.  I pray that you find closure and strength.  My family prays for you and everybody, if these words can ever touch your heart, I am sorry, I am truly sorry.  Ya'll take care.  I love ya'll.  Pastor tell Megan I am sorry.
May I speak to my family?  Honey, I love you.  Be strong and take care of yourselves.  Thanks for being there.  Take care of yourself.  Ms. Irene, thank you for everything you have done.  Chaplain Hart, thank you for helping me.  Gary, thank you.  Maria, Maria, I love you baby.  Thank you for being there for me and all these people here will find the one who did this damn crime.  I am going home to be with God.  Thank you.  Thank you, Warden.
Yes. I would like to thank all my friends and supporters, Anne West, who I love and respect. Gabrielle Uhl from Germany, and so many countless other friends. And of course my family, my mother and father, brothers and sisters, nieces and nephews, my wife Barbara and my children - Nadia, Amenia, Kira, and Noemi. I love my children. I love my family. That's it.
I love my family. You all stay strong. Watch over each other. Stay strong. I love you. I love you. It's my hour. It's my hour. I love you. Stay strong.
Yes.  I want to thank you all for being here and for your love and support.  And thanks for the efforts, Peter and Lorrell.  I love you all.  Celina, I love you.  I'm done.
Yes.  Ms. Carolyn Barker, and Tina, I would like to apologize to you all.  To Amy's sister, and everybody else here.  I love you all.  I hope you can find it in yourselves to forgive me and I hope all this here will kinda settle your pain and I hope the Lord will give you comfort and peace.  And I just want you to know I am very sorry for what I have done.  And if I see Amy on the other side, I will tell her how much you love and miss her and we will have a lot to talk about.  Mom, Dad, and Charlotte - I am sorry for putting you through all this pain and stuff.  I did talk to Brandon and I think I got a little stuff stopped.  I love you all and I will see you on the other side.  O.K.
Yes sir. Darling Kerstin, these last few years have been blessed having you in my life. And to all my friends that have been out there, thank you for your friendship and support and all you have done for me. The guys back there waiting, keep the faith and stay strong and put your faith in the Lord. Many times in life we take the wrong road and there are consequences for everything. Mistakes are made, but with God all things are possible. So put your faith and trust in Him. We talk about a reprieve or stay from the Supreme Court, but the real Supreme Court you must face up there and not down here. Keep your heads up and stay strong. I love you all. That is it. Stay strong. Thank you.
Yes.  Man, I just want you to know how much I love them.  I want you to be strong and get through this time.  Do not fall back.  Keep going forward.  Don't let this hinder you.  Let everybody know I love them (several names listed), Kevin - as well as everyone else in the family.  Tell them that I love them and stay strong.  This is kind of hard to put words together; I am nervous and it is hard to put my thoughts together.  Sometimes you don't know what to say; I hope these words give you comfort.  I don't know what to say.  I want you to know I love you; just stay strong and don't give up.  Let everybody know I love them...and love is unconditional, as Mama has always told us.  I may be gone in the flesh, but I am always with you in spirit.  I love you.
Jack and Irene, I love you guys.  Tell my family I love them.  I am sorry for the things I have done.  I know God will forgive me.  Keep track of Danielle for me.  I will miss you guys.  I love you.  I guess that's all.
Yes sir, I do.  To the victim's family.  I hope it helps a little.  I do not know how, but I hope it helps.  I love you all, all of you.  You know I love you.  Thank you for bringing my children back to my life.  Thank you.  I love you all.  I love you all very much.  Thank you very much.  (Statement amended 01/09/06)
I would like the Chaplain to say a prayer, not only for me but for the victim's family.  For them being misled, I am sorry.  That is all I have to say.
Yes, I do.  I just want to thank all my friends and family who gave me support these past eight years.  I want to apologize to the victim's family for the pain I caused them.  And to everyone at the Polunsky Unit, just keep your heads up and stay strong.
Yes sir.  I would like to ask you to forgive me.  I made a mistake and I am sorry for what I did.  All I can do is ask you to forgive me.  I love you and I will see all of you in Heaven.  I love you very much.  Praise Jesus.  I love you.  Our Father, who art in Heaven, hallowed be thy name.  Thy kingdom come, Thy will be done, on earth as it is in Heaven.  Give us this day our daily bread, and forgive us our trespasses as we forgive those who have trespassed against us.  And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil.  Amen.
Yes sir, I do. I would like to apologize to the family of the victim. I am sorry for the pain I have caused you. I know it is a great loss and I want to apologize. I am sorry. And to my family, I love you and I will see you all in Heaven. O.K.
Yes sir.  Sorry that I have to put my family through this.  All of you know I got my peace.  And I hope you find peace.  And to the family, the truth will come out and I hope you find peace.  I got my peace.  I hope everybody has their peace.  I am tired.  I am going to be in your heart.  I love you all.  To everybody else, the truth will be known.  It didn't come out in time to save my life.  It is wrong to put the families through this.  But when it comes out, I hope it stops this.  It is wrong for the prosecutors to lie and make witnesses say what they need them to say.  The truth has always been there.  I just hope everybody has their peace.  Today I get mine.  I love you all.
Yes.  Well here we are again folks, in the catacombs of justice.  You know there is a lot I wanted to say - a lot I thought I'd say - but there is not a whole lot to say.  There are people that will be mad thinking I try to seek freedom from this, but as long as I see - freedom belongs to me and I'll keep on keeping on.  The shackles and chains that just might hold my body can't hold my mind, but will kill me otherwise.  I love you momma, and Misty and Annette, Brenda and Anthony - and all my friends and everybody that supported me.  I leave my love here; I am never going to stop loving you.  My love is going to stay here.
I do.  I just wanted to say to all of those that have supported me over the years that I appreciate it and I love you.  And I just want to tell my mom that I love her and I will see her in Heaven.
Yes.  Man, there is a lot of people there.  There was a lot of people that got me to this point, and I can't thank them all.  But thank you for your love and support; they have allowed me to do a lot more than I could have on my own.  Sheila, I wish I would have met you seven years ago; it would have been a lot easier.  But I have overcame a lot.  I am not angry, but I am disappointed that I was denied justice.  But I am happy that I was afforded you all as family and friends.  You all have been there for me; it's a miracle.  I love you.  And I have to tell Jessica I am sorry.  I never knew it would come to this.  Lorna, you know you have to keep my struggle going.  I know you just lost your baby; but you have to keep running.  Andy, I love you man.  Tell Andre and them that I didn't get a chance to reach my full potential, but you can help them reach theirs.  You needed me, but I just did not know how to be there for them.  There is so much I have to say, but I just can't say it all.  I love you all.  Please just keep the struggle going.  If you turn your back on me, you turn your back on them.  I love you all and I'll miss you all.  Thanks for allowing me to touch so many hearts.  I never knew I could do it, but you made it possible.  I am just sorry.  And I am not as strong as I thought I was going to be.  But I guess it only hurts for a little while.  You all are my family.  Please keep my memory alive.
Yes sir, I would.  To the West Family, I would just like to apologize for your loss.  I hope that you can forgive me.  To my family and loved ones and friends, I thank all of you all for your support and I am sorry for the pain and hurt I have caused you.  I love you all and I will see you on the other side.  O.K. Warden.
Yes I do.  To my family, to my friends, and people who have accepted me for being the person that I am.  To the Sullivan and Hayden families, I do not come here with the intention to make myself out to be a person that I am not.  I never claimed to be the best person.  I am not the best father, the best son, or the best friend in the world.  I did the best I could with what I had.  I come with no hate in my heart or bitterness.  To my family and to you people, I can only apologize for all the pain I caused you.  May God forgive us on this day.  I am ready when you are.
Yes sir.  Today I go home to the Lord.  But first, I have to say something.  I am real sorry.  I took family member's life and I shouldn't have.  I hope that you can move on.  I am just sorry.  I don't know what else to say.  I can't bring anyone back.  I would if I could.  I hope you will be fine.  I won't ask for your forgiveness.  God will be my judge.  To my family and friends, I love you all.  You all take care and somebody find Void.  Be strong and I will see you all; hopefully not soon.  Keep your head up.  That is all I have to say.
Yeah. The only statement I want to make is that I am an innocent man - convicted of a crime I did not commit. I have been persecuted for 12 years for something I did not do. From God's dust I came and to dust I will return - so the earth shall become my throne. I gotta go, road dog. I love you Gabby. [Remaining portion of statement omitted due to profanity.]
Yes sir.  I would like to thank God for all the blessings He has given me.  And I pray that through His mercy, He will allow me into His grace.  And to the family of Ms. Ayers, I would like to apologize for all the pain and suffering and that God gives you closure.  And I pray that He blesses you.  And to my family, know that I love every single one of you and pray that God gives you peace and strength.  I may not be with you in the physical, but by grace, my heart will be with you all and I know God loves every one of you all.
Yes sir, I do.  I would like to thank everybody for coming out tonight and celebrating life.  This is a celebration of life, not death.  Through Jesus Christ, we have victory over death.  I would like to thank the Holy Father and Pope John Paul for their angelic blessings and all the prayers and support.  And thanks to Father (name unknown) and Guido Todeschini for your love and support.  I want to thank everybody around the world and Father, let your will be done.  I am going to keep this statement short.  I love you all.  I am ready, Warden.
Tell Mama I love her and tell the kids I love them, too.  I'll see you all.
To the media, I would like for you to tell all the victims and their loved ones that I am truly, truly sorry for taking their loved ones' lives.  And I hope they will find it in their heart to forgive me for what I did to them.  I am a different person now, but that does not change the fact of the bad things I have committed.  God can give you the same peace He gave me and you can be in His hands.  And to my beautiful family, be strong.  Remember what I said, "God is the Way, the Truth, and the Life."  OK, Warden.
I would like to say first and foremost to the Lord God Almighty that I am sorry and forgive me of every single solitary sin I have committed these 35 years I have lived upon this Earth.  To the Varghese family, I would ask that you forgive me because I know you have suffered a great loss and I am truly, truly sorry.  I know what you have suffered, but please grant me your forgiveness.  I am truly sorry, and there is not a day that I have not prayed for you.  And to my Mom, I love you.  I am going to see the Lord.  The Lord is my Shepherd.  Let everyone know that I love them; this is not goodbye.  I will see you later.
"Spoken: The statement I would like to make is to all my loved ones - and to the Abrahams and Williams families.  We came a long way through the tragedy - from hate to love and I would like to apologize for the pain I have caused all my families on both sides.  I am looking at you Mr. Frank: I am sorry brother for what happened to your sister and I hope that you would forgive me one day.  Ask God to forgive me and ask God to forgive you and allow me to pass through.  My brother Farooq, I love you my brother and send my love to all my family members.  And I was not a monster like they said I was.  I made a mistake and this mistake cost - but they won't cost no more.  I leave you with all my love and blessings.  may Allah bless each and every one of you. 
Written: Hello to all: Tonight I take my last walk as well breath in this world called Earth.  I state that to show I'm not saddened or enjoied to see this moment.  Because I leave behind alot of people that loved me, that believe I could had been that someone.  If I been given a real chance in life instead of denial or incarceration everytime I was arrested for something the community believed I did.  To be here on Texas death Row show all people that we people of American don't care about helping.  This is about destroying lives to show they can kill, but they hide behind laws of American.  I'm not disappointed of the system or nobody because this is how it's supposed to be.  Texans was breed that way to live, think, act.  But someone is mad that a system that's supposed to protect and uphold what is just and right, has shown it's just as crooked as I am said to be. Now I lay here dead.  But we have gave all Texans the sign that in some instances, and in some cases ""KILLING IS ALRIGHT TO DO AS LONG IT'S FOR JUSTICE OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE"".  So who win?  No one do! Ain't no such thing as a closure!  Because we all still will remember who ain't here on them special detes, occasion's ect...  So no victorious, heros and happiness.  but in ALLAH's (GOD) eye justice is his, and we should cry out for his forgiveness.  I leave with ALLAH's blessing as well mercy for my soul.  I'm free now!  Let me rest in peace. Nam-myoho-renge-kyo! Salaamu! Amen! Bro. D'Reehcer Ali Smaillii Muhammd. (formely known as) Richard Earl Head-Williams III"
I would just...(speaking in French).  I love all of you.  I love you Lundy, Levi, my dad.  I have no grudges against anyone, or any of the things that have gone wrong.  I would like to say to the world, I have always been a nice person.  I have never been mean-hearted or cruel.  I wish everybody well.
I pray with the help of God that you will forgive me for the pain I caused your family. I am truly sorry. I wish I could take it back, but I just pray and ask that you forgive me.
I would like to thank all my loved ones that are standing over there for all the kindness and support you have shown me over the years.  Be strong.  Do not hate, but learn from this experience.  Just because it happens, do not think that God doesn't care.  He will be with you.  I will be there with all of you.  I love you all and appreciate all of you.  You won't be forgotten and there are a lot of people out there that love you.  It has been a blessing to know all of you.  This is not easy for any of us.  Don't be upset about my situation, because I am not.  I am still faithful and I am still strong.  Just give my love to everyone out there.  Don't forget me and burn a candle for me when you can.  I love you all.
Written: There are many things I would like to say, but none more important that how I feel toward Mr. & Mrs. Kenney, and Ms. Arnott.  I would like to apologize and say I'm sorry but words seem so hollow and cheap.  Their death should not have happened, but it did.  I'm so sorry that all of this took place.  Now I have devastated my family as well, but my heart has grown in the last few minutes because I was forgiven by the family of Mr. & Mrs. Kenney, and Ms. Arnott.  Thank You.  You have given me more hope then I have had in a long time.  If I could change things I would, not for my sake but for all those who have loved me over the years, and for those who have forgiven me.  Thank you for all that you have given me.
A lot of people have always asked if there is a Heaven, and I say there is.  There is a Heaven and a Hell.  They ask, "Who goes to Heaven?"  I believe that it is those who have placed their faith in Jesus Christ. Romans 3:25:  For all have sinned and come short of the glory of God. Romans 6:23:  The wages of sin is death, but the gift of God is eternal life. Romans 5:8:  While we were yet sinners, Christ died for us. Romans 10:9:  If you confess with your mouth the Lord Jesus Christ, and that He was raised from the dead, thou shalt be saved. John 3:16:  For God so loved the world, that He gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in Him shall have everlasting life. A lot of people forget about: John3:36:  If you have the Son, you have life and if you have not the Son, the wrath of God lies on you. In this life, we sin and we make mistakes: 1 John 1:19:  If we confess our sins, He is faithful and just to forgive our sins. I had a verse that jumped out at me a few days ago.  Psalm 99:8 speaks of the holiness of God and He was to the people a God who forgave, but He took vengeance on his deeds.  I am not here because of my faith in the Lord Jesus, but I am here for not other reason than my own actions.  To the Bakers, I am really sorry for the pain and sorrow I caused you.  I really do not know what to say, but I am sorry - forgive me.  And to my parents, I am sorry for the pain I have caused you.  Forgive me; thank you for your love.
"Spoken: I would like to say goodbye to a good friend of mine in Switzerland - Diego.  I appreciate all the help and support he gave me through the years.  A friend of mine in England.  Wildflower:  I love you and will never forget you.  And to my family.  That's all. 
Written: I wish to tell the family how sorry I am about what I done.  I know that nothing I say will bring Mr. and Mr. Bo Simmons back.  I ask that if Linda and Gary and their family can find it in their hearts to forgive me, but if not, I will understand.  I am truly sorry."
Yes, sir. To the victim's family, I'm sorry for what was taken from you. I hope you find peace. To my sweet Claudia, I love you. Stay strong, keep building, and be careful. Be careful. I love you. I'm through.
First of all, I would like to apologize to the family members of the Cadena family for whatever hurt and suffering I have caused you.  This opportunity has never come up before.  It's not that I haven't been remorseful, things just never worked out before.  Please forgive me and I hope you find it in your heart to forgive me.  The peace you will find will be a temporary peace, true peace will come through find Christ.  I pray through this execution, that you will find the peace you seek.  Give yourself to Christ and find peace through him.  I thought about your loved one very much.  He will be waiting in heaven for me.  I will be able to talk to him and ask him for forgiveness personally.   To my family, I thank you and love you for being there for me and supporting me.  This is just a stepping stone to home.  The hardest part of all the years I was on death row.  To all people that supported me, you will always be in my heart, as I have always been in yours.  God bless you.  Keep your heads up, see you again soon.  Forgive me for the pain I caused you. (Spanish) To all the people of Mexico, I would like to thank them for the help.  I also want to carry each and every one of you in my heart.  If you are going to demonstrate, I don't want you to do anything crazy to these people.  They have suffered enough.  Long lives Mexico.  Raise the flag of Mexico with honor.  Thanks for everything.  I love you. (English) To everyone on death row, keep your heads up and I will see you again.  I am truly sorry, may you find peace in this.  Forgive me for the pain.  God bless you, I love you all, and I'm ready to go home.
The Lord is my Shepherd, I shall not want. He maketh me lie down in green pastures; He leadeth me beside the still waters, He restoreth my soul. He leadeth me in the paths of righteousness for His name's sake. Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil; for Thou art with me. Thy rod and Thy staff, they comfort me. Thou preparest a table before me, in the presence of mine enemies. He anointeth my head with oil; my cup runneth over. Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life, and I will dwell in the House of the Lord forever. Amen. Amen.
I'm innocent. I had nothing to do with my family's murders. I want to thank everyone who has supported me. I hope they continue to fight. You know who you are. That's all. Thank you, Warden.
Well, I don't have anything to say.  I am just sorry about what I did to Mr. Peters.  That's all.
Yes sir, Thank you.  I love y'all and I want y'all to know that.  Y'all always told me not to worry about myself.  I worry more about you all because I know where I am going.  I want to see you there, so get your heart right.  You know I love you and care for you.  I am going to go with my little boy and play with him.  Y'all take care and I love y'all.  I love y'all.  Chaplain Wilcox, Roger, Robin, Sarah, Grandma.  I love you.  Y'all be careful.  Lord Jesus, I see your Spirit, it's o.k.  I love you.
"I've got one thing to say, get your Warden off this gurney and shut up. I am from the island of Barbados. I am the Warden of this unit. People are seeing you do this."
I'll start by saying I love all of you.  I will be waiting for your arrival, don't disappoint me by not showing up.  I will be there with the give of Christ.  We'll all be there.  I promise I'll go up smiling.  I am sorry.  If I could think of a word in the vocabulary stronger, you need to hear something stronger, you deserve it.  I'm sorry, I can't take back what I have done.  I have asked Christ for forgiveness, and I ask that you forgive me.  And I understand your feelings.  God bless all of you.  I will be waiting for your arrival.  Do not disappoint me by not showing up.  God bless everybody.
Tell my family I love y'all. Watch out for Momma. Don't want to talk too much, I will cry. I'll just cry everywhere. I'm sorry, Teach, for not being a better son and not doing better things. It wasn't your fault. You raised me the way you should, at least I won't be there no more. I miss you, too. I see you there, you doing alright? I sent you a letter. Neckbone, there's a sheet, I got your name on it. Keep on writing, now. Write to the, hun. Charles, keep the right, now. You people over there. You know what these people are doing. By them executing me ain't doing nothing right. I don't weigh 180 pounds and 5'7". Take care, love y'all. Did Roger come up here yet? Tell Pat and them I love them. I'm gonna go ahead and let them do what their gonna do. Help your sister, see ya later Pat, love ya Becca. Do what you do, Warden.
Ok. I guess I'll address the Morgan family. Mrs. Morgan, the sister from the trial. Thirteen or fourteen years ago, I had a non-caring attitude at the time. I'm sorry for shooting your son down at that particular robbery. Politicians say that this brings closure. But my death doesn't bring your son back - it doesn't bring closure. I wish that I could do more, but I can't. I hope this brings you peace. Ursula, Manon, and Irene, I love y'all - take it easy. They've gotta do this thing. I'm still warm from the pepper gas. I love you. I'm ready to go. Call my mom and tell her that this particular process is over. Tell all the brothers to keep their heads up, eyes toward the sky.
Yes, sir. Where's Mr. Marino's mother? Did you get my letter? Just wanted to let you know, I sincerely meant everything I wrote. I am sorry for the pain. I am sorry for the life I took from you. I ask God for forgiveness and I ask you for the same. I know it maybe hard, but I'm sorry for what I did. To my family I love each and every one of you. Be strong. Know my love is always with you...always. I know I am going home to be with the Lord. Shed tears of happiness for me. I love each and everyone of you. Keep on living.  Betty, you have been wonderful. You guided me to the Lord. You have been like a mother to me. Sean, Rusty, Jenny, Marsha, God Bless each and every one of y'all. Jesus, I confess you as my Lord and Savior. I know when I die, I'll have life in heaven and life eternal everlasting. I am ready for that mansion that you promised me. Take care. It's alright Sean, it's alright. I'm going to a better place.
For almost nine years I have thought about the death penalty, whether it is right or wrong and I don't have any answers. But I don't think the world will be a better or safer place without me. If you had wanted to punish me you would have killed me the day after, instead of killing me now. You are not hurting me now. I have had time to get ready, to tell my family goodbye, to get my life where it needed to be.  It started with a needle and it is ending with a needle.  Carl, you have been a good friend, man. I am going to look for you. You go back and tell your daughter I love her. Tell her I came in here like a man and I will leave like a man. It's been good, dude. Thank you, Shorty. I appreciate you. I came in like a man and I will leave like a man. I will be with you. I will be with you every time you take a shower. If you leave crying you don't do me justice. If you don't see peace in my eyes you don't see me. I will be the first one you see when you cross over.  They got these numbers that I called today. Calling my family.  That is it. Ready, Warden.
Sandy, all of you, I am sorry. Please hear me. Please in the name of God forgive me. Please understand. Please find that peace. I am really sorry. Please for your sake forgive me. All of you please.  I love my sister, my friends, father. Thank you for loving me and being with me. You are magnificent people. God has blessed me more than I deserve. I would like to end with a prayer. Heavenly Father, as I come to you to praise and thank you that even now I can endure the pain that you endured when you died for me on the cross. You have forgiven me of my sins and travesties. Thank you, Lord, for giving me strength. Give them strength to forgive me. Ask them to have them forgive me in their hearts. I ask you to touch each and every one of them. I am truly repentant. In the name of Jesus Christ I love you. Warden I am ready to go home please. Remember God is peace, God is love.
I want to give all the praise to God and glory and thank him for all that he done for me. With this let all debts be paid that I owed - real or imagined. The slate is wiped clean, all marked erased other than that there is no justice. That's not justice. Praise the Lord. Glory to Jesus Christ. Praise the Lord God.
He spoke in Irish, translating to "Goodbye."
First, I would like to say to the family that I am sorry, and I do ask for forgiveness. There will be also a funeral mass at St. Thomas and I would like to invite all of those from the State and the family to be there if they would like to come. My last words will be: And He was the light that shineth in the hearts of all man from the foundations of the world. If we confess our sins He is just and true to forgive us of our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness. Peace and goodness.
Maggie, I am sorry. I always wanted to tell you but I just didn't know how. I have been praying for y'all. I hope that y'all find the peace that y'all have been wanting. Lord, thank you for all my family, all my friends, and all my brothers on the row. Thank you for my spiritual family. Lord, be merciful with those who are actively involved with the taking of my life, forgive them as I am forgiving them. Be merciful to me a sinner. Protect us Lord as we stay awake and watch over us as we sleep as we wake may we may keep watch with Christ and sleep rest in His peace. All right, Warden. I am ready to go home.
Mom, I just want y'all to know that I love you. No matter what in life, I want you to stay strong. Doreen, you have been a very special part of my life, too. I want you to keep doing what you are doing. Stay strong. Dad, I want you to stay strong.
I am saying, I want y'all to keep your heads up, hold on and stay strong for everybody. I mean ah, I don't want y'all to look at me like I am a killer or something man, cause I ain't no killer. I mean, I didn't, I didn't kill your father. I mean, I know how it look, but I didn't do it. You know what I am saying? You were out there with me, Tommy. I mean, you know man. (mumbled) You know I always did want to say something to y'all. Right? I can't say that I done it because I didn't do it. I've got love for everybody. I am a Christian now. I'm saying I want everybody to keep thier heads up and stay strong. I'm going to stay strong. I'll be seeing you, this is my last breath. Ricky, keep your head up baby. All y'all, Doreen, Melodee. I mean, I know y'all don't come down here. I just really don't know what y'all want me to say. I mean, I know, ah, I mean, I'm sorry anybody, ah, anybody got killed that night. It wasn't supposed to happen, but I didn't do it. I really didn't do it. I don't want y'all to go through life thinking that I did. You know what I am saying? I love everybody and I want y'all to stay strong. Right? It would take me an hour or a long time, man, but, ah, man, I don't want to hold y'all up, man, like that, ah. Y'all just keep your head up and stay strong, man. Give my love to everybody. I love y'all.
I want to thank my attorneys, Father Walsh...Sylvia, te quiero mucho y a Consulado, te quiero decir muchas gracias por todo. I want to say I am sorry and I say a prayer today for you so you can have peace and I hope that you can forgive me. God is waiting and God is waiting now.
I would like to extend my love to my family members and my relatives for all of the love and support you have showed me. I extend my special love to my daughter who I love greatly. I hope that you forever remember me. I hope that you will always cherish the love and the strength that I have provided you. My love for you will remain with you within your heart and in part of your soul. As to all my brothers I love you all with all of my heart. But during your time of departure from this earth plane you will have to face the judgement of God for the lack of love you have shown my aunt and my cousins. We were never brought up to be that way. As you know our parents brought us up to love one another no matter what. There was no love showed to my aunt or none of my cousins. I can forgive you all but you must ask forgiveness from God for how you have hurt our aunt and our family. I leave now at this moment to join my parents and my only sister whose lives were not taken by me. To all the fellows on death row, I thank you for the love that you have shown me and for the strength that you provided me. You all keep your heads up. As for my attorney's I thank you all for being there for me. As defense attorneys you have shown me a lot strength. May my love touch each one of you all's souls as I leave this body.
Mr. Bryant, I have wronged you and your family and for that I am truly sorry. I forgive and I have been forgiven. Death is but a brief moments slumber and a short journey home. I'll see you when you get there. I am done, Warden.
First of all, I want to apologize to the family of Kelly Elizabeth Donovan. I am sorry for what I did to her twelve years ago. I wish they could forgive me for what I did. I am sorry. I am sorry for hurting my family, for hurting my friends. Jesus forgive me. Take me home with you. I am ready. I love you all.
Since I have already said all I need to say to all my loved ones, I'm not going to say anything to y'all at this time. Y'all know I love you and y'all know where we're at. I will see y'all when you get there. So this is my statement. To all of the racist white folks in America that hate black folks and to all of the black folks in America that hate themselves: the infamous words of my famous legendary brother, Matt Turner, "Y'all kiss my black ass." Let's do it.
I wish we could pray to Allah, the father of the universe. I ask for your protection and my salvation, my night and my day. I want you to lead me and I will follow. We give praise to Allah the divine and holy prophet. We know that you are Allah, that you are the prophet in these days that is in charge of the human race in this new era of time. These two (unintelligible) to the masters of the temple of the son we have been honored to dwell in our father's house at least for the time in which this finite time has come to it's assigned time for one. There is nothing strange, love governs all events, what is (unintelligible), who is who was his mother and father, we extend my love to all my brothers and sister extend to life and my religion, it is Allah. It is going in salvation of the nation I come from South, Central, and North America. (Unintelligible) that would save us. So, I call on to all of my brothers and sisters and to members of the human race that still have some knowledge for what love divine love is. That comes learned from your ancient forefathers. Love is brought by this prophet Allah. We extend our love to everyone who believes the faith of Islamic and chooses to love along with all their being. We come to understand what is finite and what is infinite. Again, I say it is an honor to live in my father's house. To see this divine great paradise that which I have come to see with the eye of the spirit, the spirit which was revealed by my prophet which was (unintelligible). We extend our love to everybody. Extend my love to my divine sister. Sister Dorothy, and my brother Tomas and we know that our father Allah will bless them in the following days to come. We know that Allah is with us now and forever. The say I am going to have surgery, so I guess I will see everyone after this surgery is performed. It is finished.
I would like to say that I did not kill Bobby Lambert. That I'm an innocent black man that is being murdered. This is a lynching that is happening in America tonight. There's overwhelming and compelling evidence of my defense that has never been heard in any court of America. What is happening here is an outrage for any civilized country to anybody anywhere to look at what's happening here is wrong.  I thank all of the people that have rallied to my cause. They've been standing in support of me. Who have finished with me.  I say to Mr. Lambert's family, I did not kill Bobby Lambert. You are pursuing the execution of an innocent man.  I want to express my sincere thanks to all of ya'll. We must continue to move forward and do everything we can to outlaw legal lynching in America. We must continue to stay strong all around the world, and people must come together to stop the systematic killing of poor and innocent black people. We must continue to stand together in unity and to demand a moratorium on all executions. We must not let this murder/lynching be forgotten tonight, my brothers. We must take it to the nation. We must keep our faith. We must go forward. We recognize that many leaders have died. Malcom X, Martin Luther King, and others who stood up for what was right. They stood up for what was just. We must, you must brothers, that's why I have called you today. You must carry on that condition. What is here is just a lynching that is taking place. But they're going to keep on lynching us for the next 100 years, if you do not carry on that tradition, and that period of resistance. We will prevail. We may loose this battle, but we will win the war. This death, this lynching will be avenged. It will be avenged, it must be avenged. The people must avenge this murder. So my brothers, all of ya'll stay strong, continue to move forward.  Know that I love all of you. I love the people, I love all of you for your blessing, strength, for your courage, for your dignity, the way you have come here tonight, and the way you have protested and kept this nation together. Keep moving forward, my brothers. Slavery couldn't stop us. The lynching couldn't stop us in the south. This lynching will not stop us tonight. We will go forward. Our destiny in this country is freedom and liberation. We will gain our freedom and liberation by any means necessary. By any means necessary, we keep marching forward.  I love you, Mr. Jackson. Bianca, make sure that the state does not get my body. Make sure that we get my name as Shaka Sankofa. My name is not Gary Graham. Make sure that it is properly presented on my grave. Shaka Sankofa.  I died fighting for what I believe in. I died fighting for what was just and what was right. I did not kill Bobby Lambert, and the truth is going to come out. It will be brought out.  I want you to take this thing off into international court, Mr. Robert Mohammed and all ya'll. I want you, I want to get my family and take this down to international court and file a law suit. Get all the video tapes of all the beatings. They have beat me up in the back. They have beat me up at the unit over there. Get all the video tapes supporting that law suit. And make the public exposed to the genocide and this brutality world, and let the world see what is really happening here behind closed doors. Let the world see the barbarity and injustice of what is really happening here. You must get those video tapes. You must make it exposed, this injustice, to the world. You must continue to demand a moratorium on all executions. We must move forward Minister Robert Mohammed.  Ashanti Chimurenga, I love you for standing with me, my sister. You are a strong warrior queen. You will continue to be string in everything that you do. Believe in yourself, you must hold your head up, in the spirit of Winnie Mandela, in the spirit of Nelson Mandela. Ya'll must move forward. We will stop this lynching.  Reverend Al Sharpton, I love you, my brother.  Bianca Jagger, I love all of you. Ya'll make sure that we continue to stand together. Reverend Jesse Jackson and know that this murder, this lynching will not be forgotten. I love you, too, my brother. This is genocide in America. This is what happens to black men when they stand up and protest for what is right and just. We refuse to compromise, we refuse to surrender the dignity for what we know is right. But we will move on, we have been strong in the past. We will continue to be strong as a people. You can kill a revolutionary, but you cannot stop the revolution. The revolution will go on. The people will carry the revolution on. You are the people that must carry that revolutionary on, in order to liberate our children from this genocide and for what is happening here in America tonight. What has happened for the last 100 or so years in America. This is the part of the genocide, this is part of the African (unintelligible), that we as black people have endured in America. But we shall overcome, we will continue with this. We will continue, we will gain our freedom and liberation, by any means necessary. Stay strong. They cannot kill us. We will move forward.  To my sons, to my daughters, all of you. I love all of you. You have been wonderful. Keep your heads up. Keep moving forward. Keep united. Maintain the love and unity in the community.  And know that victory is assured. Victory for the people will be assured. We will gain our freedom and liberation in this country. We will gain it and we will do it by any means necessary. We will keep marching. March on black people. Keep your heads high. March on. All ya'll leaders. March on. Take your message to the people. Preach the moratorium for all executions. We're gonna stop, we are going to end the death penalty in this country. We are going to end it all across this world. Push forward people. And know that what ya'll are doing is right. What ya'll are doing is just. This is nothing more that pure and simple murder. This is what is happening tonight in America. Nothing more than state sanctioned murders, state sanctioned lynching, right here in America, and right here tonight. This is what is happening my brothers. Nothing less. They know I'm innocent. They've got the facts to prove it. They know I'm innocent. But they cannot acknowledge my innocence, because to do so would be to publicly admit their guilt. This is something these racist people will never do. We must remember brothers, this is what we're faced with. You must take this endeavor forward. You must stay strong. You must continue to hold your heads up, and to be there. And I love you, too, my brother. All of you who are standing with me in solidarity. We will prevail. We will keep marching. Keep marching black people, black power. Keep marching black people, black power. Keep marching black people. Keep marching black people. They are killing me tonight. They are murdering me tonight.
"Verbal: I have a written statement for the press. It will be released as soon as they can. And I also responded to a comment to me from Sandy, daughter of Ms. Farris. I have felt deeply sorry for the deceased. But I'm sorry that I wasn't the one that did it or anything. She will tell you that when she gets a chance to. When the time comes. I just wish just to be patient when the time for each and everyone of ya'll individually have ya'll time. But I'm not putting pressure on either one of ya'll being having any guilt. I just want to say two thing, executing someone that is innocent, cause even though I am. The burden will be wiped away and you will be at ease to know that I know how it is and they will pay for it when their time comes. And all I have to say is that right now I'm sorry that it happened and I was part, not part in it but, part responsible for not properly getting the word out in time to get the right victim or the right convict or the right person that did it. I just wish to say a little prayer for the family for their appearance and forgiveness in this matter. Our Father, who art in heaven, hallowed by thy name. Thy kingdom come, thy will be done, on earth as it is in Heaven. Give this day your daily bread and forgive us our trespasses as we forgive those who trespass against us. Lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil. Our Lord, Amen. And ah, don't be surprised if your Mom be the helper of God that would grab my hand and say ""You are now into eternal life with God."" This is her being one of the chosen ones to give as proof of innocence. That's what I meant by telling you I don't mean to injure you anymore. When your time comes that she would let you know, if I was innocent or guilty. That about all I have to say. Love you all. 
Written: I wish the public to see my point of inside view that the officers of Death Row of the State of Texas. All the years of 5 or 6 years of my first time being locked up for not doing a crime of this sort. Now, officers of Texas TDCJ are of Terrell Unit, Walls Unit and some of Ellis I are just doing their job for their family. Now there are also respectful inmates death row and population that I've meet, now I say to all of you just realizing what crime is about, don't do it. One way I've thought of was having your friends ""inmate"" to witness your execution talking about those of population and first timers. I just want to give those officers that respected me while in prison of TDCJ Death Row. May God bless you all of TDCJ and inmates especially the free-world population. With Gods and my words of faith, Paul Selso Nuncio."
To the Davis family, I am sorry for all of the pain that I caused your family. It was me and me alone. Anthony Graves had nothing to do with it. I lied on him in court. My wife had nothing to do with it. Anthony Graves don't even know anything about it. My wife don't know anything about it. But, I hope that you can find your peace and comfort in strength in Christ Jesus alone. Like I said, I am sorry for hurting your family. And it is a shame that it had to come to this. So I hope that you don't find peace, not in my death, but in Christ. Cause He is the only one that can give you the strength that you need.And to my family, I love you. Ah, you have been a blessing to me and I love you all and one day I will see y'all, so I hope y'all find y'all peace, comfort, and strength in Christ Jesus alone, because that's where it's at. Abul, behold your son, and Anitra, behold your mother. I love you. I am ready to go home and be with my Lord.
I would like to take this time to, ah, to use this moment an example for Christ. I would like to follow his example and leave with peace in my heart and forgiveness. There is no anger in my heart about this entire situation. I just want to testify to all of y'all that I have loved you. I appreciate your concern and genuine love for me. God bless you. I love all of all. Jesus is Lord.
Can they talk back? Say I pray for it, I accept it. Pray with me. This is still a statement. Ready? Dear Heavenly Father, forgive us, Lord. I ask that you watch over my Mama and over my sister. I ask this in the name of Christ. I also repent for all my sins, Lord. I pray that you will bring me home tonight. Please, I ask that I rest in your arms in the name of Christ Jesus I pray this. I truly believe that Jesus died for my sins that I may be resurrected, Lord, that you would do that much. Please, I ask that you not let me down and that I will be with you today in Heaven. Christ Jesus name I pray this.  Donna and everybody else, Mr. Johnson, I ask that y'all will pray for me and that God will bring me home tonight, that he will keep me in Heaven, that I will still be in heaven. Please Lord, I don't want to be in Heaven, I mean I don't want to be in Hell. And, please Lord, I confess my sins. This is your son, Lord Jesus, this is your servant, please, this is your slave. I love you, too. Donna and Mama and Mr. Johnson, I wrote a message. Don't give up, love you all, even the ones that are my enemies. I truly forgive all of y'all in Christ Jesus, we pray. I ask God that he take all the hate out of my heart and away from my soul. Please, please, Lord, don't fail me. I don't know is Margie here now? But if she is, I ask her forgiveness. I ask that you not hold nothing against me or my family from this day forward, and hold no hate toward them. I don't know. I can't hear you, you may forgive me, and you may not. Forgive Mike Allison, forgive McHenry, forgive us all. Whatever the cost may be I love you. Take care of my Mama. Donna, I ask you to take care of my Mama, too. Whenever you get mad at her, you remember me. Remember I may be back. Mama, I am going to try to make that promise to you. I gonna ask God to allow his child to come back to see you. Cause I am in Heaven. At time I can come (unintelligible). Okay, Mr. Johnson, you take care, let my Mama's will be done. One more prayer, then we may proceed. Heavenly Father, I confess my sins, really I do. Let me know that I will be in Heaven tonight. Please let me know. I don't want to be in Hell with Satan or anyone else. Please, that is something I need to know. I ask that Jesus give me help.  In Jesus precious name, I pray this. I ask that you give me those promises, that you assure me that those promises are real. That I am praying right. In Jesus precious name, I pray this. Goodbye, Mama. Goodbye, Donna.
"Written: The following is the personal final statement of and by Michael L. McBride. The Beatitudes: Jesus lifted up his eyes on His disciples, and said, ""Blessed be the poor: for yours is the kingdom of God. Blessed are ye that hunger now: for ye shall be filled. Blessed are ye that weep now: for ye shall laugh. Blessed are ye, when men shall hate you, and they shall separate you from their company, and shall reproach you, and cast out your name as evil for the Son of Man's sake. Rejoice ye in that day, and leap for joy: for behold, your reward is great in Heaven: for in the like manner did their fathers unto the prophets. But woe unto you that are rich! for ye have received your consolation. Woe unto you that are full! for ye shall hunger. Woe unto you that laugh now! for ye shall moan and weep. Woe unto you, when all men shall speak well of you! for so did their fathers to the false prophets. The supremacy of love over gifts: I Corinthians, Chapter 13: 4-8: Love is patient, love is kind, and is not jealous, love does not brag and is no arrogant, does not act unbecoming; it does not seek its own, is not provoked, does not take into account a wrong suffered, does not rejoice in unrighteousness, but rejoices with the truth; bears all things, believes all things, hopes all things, endures all things. Love never fails; but if there are gifts of prophecy, they will be done away; if there tongues, they will cease. Now abide faith, hope, love, these three: but the greatest of these is love. Poem: Do not stand at my grave and weep, I am not there I do not sleep. I am the diamond glints in the snow, I am the sunlight on the ripened grain. I am the gentle autumn rain. When you awaken in the morning's hush, I am the swift uplifting rush of quiet birds in circled flight, I am the soft stars that shine at night.  Do not stand at my grave and cry, I am not there. I did not die. Signed Michael L. McBride #903 May 11, 2000 Huntsville, Texas 
Spoken: Thank you, um, I anticipated that I would try to memorize and recite beatitudes New Testament, more or less, Luke's beatitudes, I should say, and a , a chapter on love in 1st Corinthians chapter 13, ah, I pretty much knew that I would not be able to memorize so much. There was also a poem that went along with it and in anticipation of not being able to, um, fulfill that desire, I provided a written statement that will be made available to anybody that wants it, I believe. Isn't that correct? So, uh, I wanted you to hear me say that and I apologize and for any other grief I have caused you know, including the, ah, what you're about to witness now. It won't be very long. As soon as you realize that appear I am falling asleep. I would leave because I won't be here after that point. I will be dead at that point. It's irreversible. God bless all of you. Thank you."
Yes, sir. James Webb, I don't know which one you are out there. I can't remember from the trial. I personally just want to let you know if there has ever been any doubt in your mind at all of what happened, I want you to know that Patty was always faithful to you, that I forced her for everything that she did and I am sorry. I just don't know how to tell ya'll I am sorry for what I did. There is no way for expressing I am sorry. I just hope that in some kind of way that ya'll can move on and find peace in your life. The Lord has given me peace and that is all that I pray for is that ya'll can find that peace. I just want you to know that I am sorry for what I done. I can't change that, all I can do is say I am sorry, that's nothing for what I have done. I can't replace your loss. I am sorry. I just want you to know that I love all of ya'll. It's been a pleasure, ya'll just keep on with life, it's gonna be good. The Lord's gonna be with us. If it's alright, I just want to say a prayer first. Father, God, I just thank you for the time that you have given me on this earth, for having mercy on somebody like me for all the despicable thing's I've done in my life, Father, but you still with your love and your mercy reach down into my heart and changed it before it's too late. I ask that you bestow peace upon the family of Patricia Webb, that you let them know, Father, that you are in a place where they can obtain that peace, and you will help them move on in their life, Father. Help them, Father, to find it in their hearts, not for my sake , but for yours, and their sake to, Father, find it in their heart to forgive me for what I have done. Father, I just ask that you be with my family and comfort them to move on Father. Father, we are all here today for the mistake that I have made and I thank you for your mercy for sending your Son into this life, that we might come to know you, Father. Father, I pray for these Wardens and the officers and the people that deal with all of this, Father, I ask that you touch their hearts, Father, and if there is any wrong to it, that you will forgive them, Father. Just let them know that you love them, Father, and that You are the way. I just thank you and in Jesus' name, I pray, Amen. I love ya'll, ya'll take care. I am so sorry.
"Verbal Statement: Okay, thank you. To the Weis family, and ah I just want you to know from the bottom of my heart that I am truly sorry. I mean it, I'm not just saying it. Through the years of being in prison I come to hear and respect our life. It was wrong what I did. I know you had to go through a lot of pain and I'm sorry. To the Jones family, the same is true, I am truly truly sorry. I wanted to prepare a longer statement but time ran out. I had the chaplain write down a few words for my friends and for you, my family. I would like him to read them for me, and ah, just please find peace. 
Chaplain Brazzil recites written statement: To the Jones Family: Please accept my sincerest apology and regrets for what happened to your loved one. It was truly a horrible thing that I did and I regret it deeply. I do not know if this will ease your pain but I truly pray that this will help you find peace. I am sincerely truly sorry. For the Weis Family: The same is true. I regret what happened. I have lived with the guilt and the pain in my heart for taking Donna away from you. There is no way that I can know your pain and sorrow for losing someone so close to you. I truly hope that you will find peace. Please know that I am sorry. I feel that I have to speak out against the practice of the death penalty, although I have no regrets in my case. The death penalty is an unnecessary punishment for society who has other means to protect itself. You cannot rectify death with another death. Whenever the state chooses to take a life and take the power of God into their own hands, whenever our leader's kill in the name of justice, we are all diminished. To my family and friends, father, sister and brother, those that have traveled so far to be here today, please just know that I am at peace. You have all been so good to me through this whole ordeal. I can never find the words to express my love for all of you. Just know that I go with God. Oum - Nama Shiveya I go with God. 
Last Verbal Statement: No sir, I just want to pray a chant, do what you have to do."
I'd like to send great love to all my family members, my supporters, my attorneys. They have all supported me throughout this. I thank you for proving my innocence, although it has not been acknowledged by the courts. May you continue in the struggle and may you change all that's being done here today and in the past. Life has not been that good to me, but I believe that now, after meeting so many people who support me in this, that all things will come to an end, and may this be fruit of better judgments for the future. That's all I have to say.
I'd like to apologize to the victim's family. Ah, no ah, I really can't say, I don’t think I can say anything that will help, but I hope through your God, you can forgive me. I'm definitely not the person now that I was then. I was sick, afraid, and looking for love in all the wrong ways. I've caused you pain and grief beyond ever dreaming to cause someone of. I hope you will be able to forgive me. To my mother, I love you very much. Thanks, Jones.
Dad, I love you both. You've been the best. All of you, all of you have truly been the best. And ah, I believe I'm going home. I'm sorry, and I really mean that, it's not just words. My life is all I can give. I stole 2 lives and I know it was precious to ya'll. That's the story of my whole life, that's what alcohol will do for you. Oh Jesus, Lord God, take me home. Precious Lord. Take me home Lord. Take me home. Yes, sir. Take me home oh Lord.
Hey, how y'all doing out there? I done lost my voice. Y'all be strong now, alright? Don, thanks man. I love you, Gloria, always baby. That's all I got to say. Hey, don't y'all worry about me, okay?
To my family, I love them. To Kami, I love you and will always be with you. That's it Warden.
Well, first, My people, you guys have heard everything I needed to say today. I hope I said the right things. I hope you heard me. And I hope you go beyond here and do what you need to do, do the right thing. Strength in numbers. Look out for each other. You still got a chance with Shawn. Edwin you know what you gotta do. You have my love. It's the right thing. And for everybody else, those people who have malice in their heart, allow ambitions to over ride what they know. Be right. Even though they just gotta do their job. For all of you with hatred in their veins, and think this is ashamed. You've done nothing. I did this, I chose this, you've done nothing. Remember this, if all you know is hatred, if all you know is blood love, you'll never be satisfied. For everybody out there that is like that and knows nothing but negative, kiss my proud white Irish ass. I'm ready Warden, send me home.
Mama Isabel told me to tell you hello. Holy, holy, holy! Lord God Almighty! Early in the morning our song shall rise to Thee; Holy, holy, holy, merciful and mighty! God in three Persons, blessed Trinity. Holy, holy, holy! Merciful and mighty. All Thy works shall praise Thy name, in earth, and sky, and sea; Holy, holy, holy, merciful and mighty! God in three Persons, blessed Trinity. Oh, our Father who art in heaven, holy, holy, holy be Thy name. Thy kingdom come, Thy will be done, on earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread and forgive us our sin as we forgive our debtors. Lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil, for Thine is the kingdom and the power and the glory forever and ever. Now, Father, into Thy hands I commit my spirit. Amen.
English: I love you. I will be waiting for you on the other side. Son be strong no matter what happens, know that God is looking over you. Jesus mercy, Jesus mercy, Jesus mercy! Spanish: Brother-in-law, take care of the family and let it be united. Yoli. German: Menic schone prizessin. Du list all mine herz and seele, rind ich liele dich so sehm! (Translation: My beautiful princess. You are all my heart and soul and I love you so much.
I want you all to know I did not do this crime. I wanted to wait for a thirty day stay for a DNA test so you know who did the crime.
Yes, to my family, I love you. Please do not mourn my death or my life. Continue to live as I want you to live. I hold no bitterness toward no one. Just remember the light. I’m gonna let this light shine. Let it shine. Let the light shine.
"To Kathy’s family and friends that were unable to attend today, I am truly sorry. I hope my dropping my appeal has in some way began your healing process. This is all I am going to do to help you out in any way for the nightmare and pain that I have caused you, but I am truly sorry and I wish I could take back what I did, but I can’t. I hope this heals you.
To my family: I love you. When the tears flow, let the smiles grow. Everything is all right.
To my family: I love you.
Warden, ATW."
For the pain I have caused you. I am ashamed to even look at your faces. You are great people. To my brothers on Death Row. Mexico, Mexico…(Spanish).
"First off, to the Rosenbaum family, to Cindy, to Scott, to everyone, I just want to say I have nothing but love for you. And I mean that from the deepest part.
I can only tell you that Clark did not die in vain. I don’t mean to offend you by saying that, but what I mean by that is, through his death, he led this man to God.
I have nothing but love for you.
To my family, my soul beloved, you’re so beautiful, for all your love and support is just miraculous, everything that ya’ll have done.
Be sure and tell T.D. he’s in my heart. I send my love to Jay, to everyone. To Roger Burdge.
I have nothing but love for all of you. Like they say in the song, I guess, I just want to go out like Elijah, on fire with the spirit of God. I love you. I’m done."
"1 Corinthians 12:31B – 13:13 (NIV)
And now I will show you the most excellent way.
If I speak in the tongues of men and of angels, but have not love, I am only a resounding gong or a clanging cymbal. If I have the gift of prophecy and can fathom all mysteries and all knowledge, and if I have a faith that can move mountains, but have not love, I am nothing. If I give all I possess to the poor and surrender my body to the flames, but have not love, I gain nothing.
Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud. It is not rude, it is not self-seeking, it is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs. Love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth. It always protects, always trusts, always hopes, always perseveres.
Love never fails. But where there are prophecies, they will cease; where there are tongues, they will be stilled; where there is knowledge, it will pass away. For we know in part and we prophesy in part, but when perfection comes, the imperfect disappears.
When I was a child, I talked like a child, I thought like a child, I reasoned like a child. When I became a man, I put childish ways behind me. Now we see but a poor reflection as in a mirror; then we shall see face to face. Now I know in part; then I shall know fully, even as I am fully known.
And now these three remain: faith, hope and love. But the greatest of these is love."
"I have come here today to die, not make speeches. Today is a good day for dying.
Est Sularus Oth Mithas (My Honor Is My Life)."
"I’d like to say that for the murders of Ray Hazelwood and Frank Collier, I’m sorry for that pain it has caused you. To my friends, I’d like to say that I love you and I’m glad you’ve been a part of my life. Thank you. I’ll miss you. Remember that today I’ll be with Jesus in paradise. I’ll see you again.
Lord Jesus Christ, son of Almighty God, [have] mercy on me as a sinner, forgive me of my sins. I would like to offer up my death for the conversion of sinners on Death Row. Lord Jesus, into your hands I command my spirit."
"I love all of you all. Thank you for caring so much about me. Keep the faith. I am going to a better place. I hope the victim’s family will forgive me because I didn’t mean to hurt no one or kill no one.
I love you all."
I owe no apologies for a crime I did not commit. Those who lied and fabricated evidence against me will have to answer for what they have done. I know in my heart what I did and I call upon the spirit of my ancestors and all of my people and I swear to them and now I am coming home.
"I am sorry for what I did to your mom. It isn’t because I’m going to die. All my life I have been locked up. I could never forgive what I done. I am sorry for all of you. I love you all. Thank you for supporting me. I thank you for being kind to me when I was small. Thank you, God.
All right"
"Yes sir, I would like to say to all of you – the Thornton family and Jerry Dean’s family that I am so sorry. I hope God will give you peace with this.
Baby, I love you. Ron, give Peggy a hug for me. Everybody has been so good to me.
I love all of you very much. I am going to be face to face with Jesus now. Warden Baggett, thank all of you so much. You have been so good to me. I love all of you very much. I will see you all when you get there. I will wait for you."
A lot of people view what is happening here as evil, but I want you to know that I found love and compassion here. The people who work here, I thank them for the kindness they have shown me and I deeply appreciate all that has been done for me by the people who work here. That’s all, Warden, I’m ready.
You all brought me here to be executed, not to make a speech. That’s it.
"Jesus, the Lord, is everything to me. I am nothing without him. Praise Jesus. Praise God
."
"First and foremost I would like to tell the victims’ families that I am sorry because I don’t feel like I am guilty. I am sorry for the pain all of them have gone through during holidays and birthdays. They are without their loved ones.
I have said from the beginning and I will say it again that I am innocent. I did not kill no one. I feel like this is the Lord’s will that will be done.
I love you all. You know it. Don’t cry.
Tell my brothers I love them. You all be strong."
"I want to thank the Lord for giving me this opportunity to get to know Him. He has shown me a lot and He has changed me in the past two months. 
I have been in prison 8½ years and on Death Row for 7, and I have not gotten into any trouble. I feel like I am not a threat to society anymore. I feel like my punishment is over, but my friends are now being punished.
 I thank the Lord for all He has done for me. I do want to tell the family that I am sorry but killing me is not going to solve nothing. 
I really do not believe that if Jesus were here tonight that he would execute me. Jesus is all about love. 
I want to thank all of my friends for supporting me and for being here for me. Thank all of my friends on the row. Thank you Lord. I am finished."
I would like to apologize to the victim’s family for all of the pain I have caused them. I would like to tell my family I love them and I hope to see them again soon. Lord Jesus, thank you for giving me the strength and the time in my life to find Jesus Christ and to be forgiven for all of my sins. Thank you for the changes in my life you have given me, the love and closeness of my family, and my beautiful daughter. Thank you for using me -
"First, I would like to give praise to God for the love and grace that he has allowed for all of this to come together.
I would like to thank and ask blessings for all of the men who are imprisoned and have shared in my struggle and have allowed me to help them.
I would like to thank my family for their blessings and for sharing my struggle and having been there for me and endured this with me.
I would like to thank the Chaplain and all the rest who have offered their prayers."
Well, my friends in my heart, I’m ready –
"I would like to apologize for all of the pain and suffering I put you all through. I hope this will give you closure now and later on down the line.
Bob, I appreciate you coming – Stacey and Jess.
I will wait for you –"
"I have a statement prepared that I have given to the Chaplain that I want released to the media.
I am ready, Warden."
"It’s a good day to die. I walked in here like a man and I am leaving here like a man. I had a good life. I have known the love of a good woman, my wife. I have a good family. My grandmother is the pillar of the community. I love and cherish my friends and family. Thank you for your love.
To the Hancock family, I am sorry for the pain I caused you. If my death gives you any peace, so be it.
I want my friends to know it is not the way to die, but I belong to Jesus Christ. I confess my sins. I have…"
"Yes, I do.
If it matters to anyone, I did not kill Olga.
Brian, thank you for caring.
Dee Dee, you have been a good sister to all of us.
Ana and Chico (not sure of name he said), trust in God.
I will always love you, Lynn. I will always love you.
O.K., Warden."
"I would like to tell my family that I love them and always be strong and keep their heads up and keep faith in Jesus.
That’s it."
"I would like to thank all of you for coming. I am sorry for all of the pain I have caused both families – my family and yours.
I would like for you to know that I am sorry for all the pain I caused for all these years. I have had time to understand the pain I have caused you.
I am ready, Warden."
"Yes, I would like to praise Allah and I am praying to Allah. Allah is most gracious. I will ask Allah for forgiveness because he created me and he will forgive me.
All of the brothers on the row stay strong. (Some words about Allah that I couldn’t understand.)
I love my family, my mother. I will see her sooner or later. Life goes on.
Don’t let these people break (couldn’t understand) you. Keep true to nature. You do not have to act like them. Rise above it. (couldn’t understand)
Praise Allah –  (some more Allah mumbling)"
"Yes sir, I do. Well, here we are. I apologize for your loss and your pain, but I didn’t kill those people.
Hopefully we will all learn something about ourselves and about each other and we will learn enough to stop the cycle of hate and vengeance and come to value what is really going on in this world.
We can’t look back.
I forgive everyone for this process, which seems to be wrong. We all end up doing experiences which we create.
That is all I have to say about that.
(There were some unintelligible sentences.)"
I want to let all of my people know and everybody who is here and supported me that I love them and wish them all the best.
"First of all I want to thank the LORD, my family and my wife Nora for all the support and encouragement they’ve shown me through all this. I love you!! Now I want to thank all of you that came here today to be with me. I know most of you are here to see me suffer and die but you’re in for a big disappointment because today is a day of joy. Today is the day I’ll be set free from all this pain and suffering. Today I’m going home to HEAVEN to live for all eternity with my HEAVENLY FATHER JESUS CHRIST, and as I lay here taking my last breath, I’ll be praying for all of you because you’re here today with anger and hatred in your hearts letting Satan deceive you into believing that what you’re doing is right and just. GOD help you, because what you’re doing here today and what’s in your hearts here today makes you no better than any man or woman on death-rows across this country. Today you’re committing murder too!!! I pray on my own behalf for forgiveness for any and all of the pain I’ve caused you, I pray that some day you’ll realize your own mistakes and ask GOD to forgive you as I have, because there is no peace without GOD’s forgiveness. 
Amen."
I want you to know that I did not kill anyone. I love you all. (Inmate’s words were not clear)
"Thank the Lord for the past 14 years that have allowed me to grow as a man –
To J.D.’s family, I am sorry for the suffering you have gone through the past 14 years. I hope you can get some peace tonight.
To my family, I am happy to be going home to Jesus.
Sweet Jesus, here I come. Take me home. I am going your way."
It was horrible and inexcusable for me to take the life of your loved one and to hurt so many mentally and physically. I am here because I took a life and killing is wrong by an individual and by the state, and I am sorry we are here but if my death gives you peace and closure then this is all worthwhile. To all of my friends and family, I love you and I am going home -
(Mumbled.) Tell Mama I love her.
"There are people all over the world who face things worse than death on a daily basis, and in that sense I consider myself lucky.
I cannot find the words to express the sadness I feel for bringing this hurt and pain on my loved ones.
I will not ask forgiveness for the decisions I have made in this judicial process, only acceptance.
God bless you all."
I would like to tell my family I love them. My attorneys did their best. All of my brothers on death row, those who died and those who are still there, to hang in there. And that's all I have to say.
There’s love and peace in Islam.
I would like to thank my friends and family for sticking with me through all of this. I would like to encourage my brothers to continue to run the race. I thank my Father, God in Heaven, for the grace he has granted me –  I am ready.
Thank you for being my Lord Jesus and Savior and I am ready to come home. Amen.
I'll see you.
(Mumbled something about he wished his whole life would have been spent as Islamic.)
(First two or three words not understood.) I don’t know why Marta Glass wasn’t allowed in here. I love you all. Keep the faith. Remember the death penalty is murder. They are taking the life of an innocent man. My attorney, Ron Kuley [unintelligible], will read my letter at a press conference after this is over. That is all I have to say. I love you all.
To my family who has kept me strong, I give my love.
Well, I just wanted to ask people to pray for two families: my family and the family of Officer McCarthy. I appreciate the prayers. Lord Jesus, receive my spirit.
Peace.
I just want to tell my family I love them, and I thank the Lord Jesus for giving me another chance and for saving me.
I’m an African warrior, born to breathe, and born to die.
I would like to tell my family I love them very dearly, and I know they love me. I love all of the people who supported me all of these years. I would like to tell the Merka family I love them, too. I plead with all the teenagers to stop the violence and to accept Jesus Christ and find victory. Today I have victory in Christ and I thank Jesus for taking my spirit into His precious hands. Thank you, Jesus.
I just want everyone to know that the prosecutor and Bill Scott are sorry sons of bitches. To his family he added that he loved them all.
None. But as he lay there he did praise the Lord and seemed to be praying.
I’m ready, Warden.
I just ask everybody I ever hurt or done anything wrong to, to just forgive me for whatever wrongs I done to them.
I would like to point out that I have written a statement and the Warden will give you a copy. I still proclaim I am innocent, and that’s all I have to say.
I want to say I’m sorry for the things I’ve done and I hope I’m forgiven. I don’t hold nothing against no one – Everyone has treated me well and I know it’s not easy for them – That’s all, I’m sorry.
Tell my mother I love her and continue on without me. God bless her. Tell the guys on death row to continue their struggle to get off death row. That’s about it.
Goodbye to my family; I love all of you, I’m sorry for the victim’s family. I wish I could make it up to them. I want those out there to keep fighting the death penalty.
I have no last words. I am ready.
I deserve this. Tell everyone I said goodbye.
There’s no God but Allah, and unto thy I belong and unto thy I return. I want to continue to tell my brothers and sisters to be strong.
Heavenly Father, I give thanks for this time, for the time that we have been together, the fellowship in your world, the Christian family presented to me (He called the names of the personal witnesses.). Allow your holy spirit to flow as I know your love as been showered upon me. Forgive them for they know not what they do, as I know that you have forgiven me, as I have forgiven them. Lord Jesus, I commit my soul to you, I praise you, and I thank you.
When asked if he had a last statement, he replied, "Yes, I do."I hope that one day we can look back on the evil that we’re doing right now like the witches we burned at the stake. I want everybody to know that I hold nothing against them. I forgive them all. I hope everybody I’ve done anything to will forgive me. I’ve been praying all day for Carl Levin’s wife to drive the bitterness from her heart because that bitterness that’s in her heart will send her to Hell just as surely as any other sin. I’m sorry for everything I’ve ever done to anybody. I hope they’ll forgive me. "Sharon, tell all my friends goodbye. You know who they are: Charles Bass, David Powell…" Then he coughed and nothing else was said.
What is about to transpire in a few moments is wrong! However, we as human beings do make mistakes and errors. This execution is one of those wrongs yet doesn’t mean our whole system of justice is wrong. Therefore, I would forgive all who have taken part in any way in my death. Also, to anyone I have offended in any way during my 39 years, I pray and ask your forgiveness, just as I forgive anyone who offended me in any way. And I pray and ask God’s forgiveness for all of us respectively as human beings. To my loved ones, I extend my undying love. To those close to me, know in your hearts I love you one and all. God bless you all and may God’s best blessings be always yours. Ronald C. O’Bryan P.S. During my time here, I have been treated well by all T.D.C. personnel.
