
"Yes Warden, To the family of the victim I want to say I sincerely  apologize for all I did.Â  I hope this  bring you closure, thank you. I want to sight Psalm 34:
I will bless the Lord at all times; his praise shall  continually be in my mouth. My soul shall make its boast in the Lord; The humble  shall hear of it and be glad. Oh, magnify the Lord with me, and let us exalt  His name together. I sought the Lord, and he found me, and delivered me from  all my fears. They looked to him and were radiant, and their faces were not  ashamed. This poor man cried out, and the Lord heard him, and delivered him out  of all his troubles. The angel of the Lord encamps all around those who fear  him and delivers them. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good; Blessed is the  man who seeks refuge in him! Oh, fear the Lord, you his saints! There is no  want to those who fear Him. The young lions lack and suffer hunger; but those  who seek the Lord shall not lack any good thing. Come, you children, listen to  me; I will teach you the fear of the Lord. Who is the man who desires life, and  loves many days, that he may see good? Keep your tongue from evil, and your  lips from speaking deceit. Depart from evil and do good; Seek peace and pursue  it. The eyes of the Lord are on the righteous, and his ears are open to their  cry. The face of the Lord is against those who do evil, to cut off the remembrance  of them from the earth. The righteous cry out, and the Lord hears, and delivers  them out of all their troubles. The Lord is near to those who have a broken  heart and saves such as have a contrite spirit. Many are the afflictions of the  righteous, But the Lord delivers him out of them all. He guards all his bones;  Not one of them is broken. Evil shall slay the wicked, and those who hate the  righteous shall be condemned. The Lord redeems the soul of His servants, and  none of those who trust in him shall be condemned. I love you take me home Ruth  1:16, you win God bless you all I’m ready Warden."
I would like to  apologize to the Nix family for taking Mark away from you. I hope this brings you closure. I want to  say to all my family and friends around the world 'thank you' for supporting me.  To my kids, stand tall and continue to make me proud. Don’t worry about me, I'm ready to fly. Alright Warden, I’m ready to ride.
I would like to thank my  Jesus Christ my Lord and Savior. I would like to thank all these people in my  life and that aided me in this journey. I would also like to thank the Texas  Department of Criminal Justice inmate Field Minister program True Foster and  Garcia for aiding me in my journey. To Ms. Walker’s family I pray my death will  bring you peace.
Yes, when they lay me  down to sleep, for I am to die for justice, the Lord my soul to take. I’ll be  with Jesus when I wake. I truly regret killing my family. I am thankful for all  the thoughts and prayers for my family over the last few days. I love each and  every one you.
I would like to thank  all of the supporting people who helped me over the years.  To mad Maddie,  my twin Sonja, Angie, and all the homies.  AKA money and Peruvian queen  including crazy Dominican.  I was so glad to leave this world a better,  more positive place.  It’s not an easy life with all the  negativities.  Love all my friends and all the friendship’s that I have  made.  They are like the sky.  It is all part of life, like a big  full plate of food for the soul.  I hope I left everyone a plate of food  full of happy memories, happiness and no sadness.  I’m done warden.
Yes sir. I  would like to thank God, my dad, my Lord Jesus savior for saving me and changing  my life. I want to apologize to my in-laws for causing all this emotional pain.  I love y’all and consider y’all my sisters I never had. I want to thank you for  forgiving me. Thank you warden.
Umm, Pamela can you  hear me Stephanie, Hardy, Marcus tell all the family I love them. I am sorry  for the hard times and what hurts me is that I hurt y’all and um even for y’all  too and Patricia she wrote me tell Patricia I wrote her back and to tell y’all what  I said. I love y’all. I am ready
Lord forgive them.  They don’t know what they are doing
"Spoken: No.
Written Statement: Capital Punishment: Them without the capital get the punishment."
Yes Sir, I would like to thank the Shape Community  Center for all their support. I would like to thank all those overseas, Italy  and France, for their support for the death row prisoners. I would also like to  apologize to Lori for the second time for her husband dying at my hand. To the  White family and to Tashell for not being there, I Love you. I’m finished  Warden you may proceed.
Yes Sir. Dear Heavenly Father please forgive them for  they know not what they do.
First and foremost I'd like to say, "Justice has never advanced by taking a life" by Coretta Scott King. Lastly, to my wife and to my kids, I love y'all forever and always. That's it.
"“Yes sir, I would first like to say to the Sanchez family  how sorry I am.  Words cannot begin to express how sorry  I am and  the hurt that I have caused you and your family.  May this bring you peace  and forgiveness. I am sorry.
To my family, thank you for all your love and support.   I am at peace.  Jesus Christ is Lord.  I love you all.  Thank  you Warden that is it.”"
Yes, I made peace with God. I hope y'all make peace with this.
To my family, to my mom, I love you. God bless you, stay strong. I'm done.
Sending me to a better place.  I am alright with  this, you have to live and die by the choices that we make.  I have made  mine.  I love you Renee, I am gonna carry your heart and always carry my  heart in your heart.  I am ready.
“Yes, I would like to thank my family and friends for what y’all have done for me. Thank you for being here with me that I do not  have to transition alone. I have peace. To my daughter, I love you,  to my grandbabies, sisters and brothers, I love you. I am ready to go  home.”
“I would like to apologize to the Moreno family and the Steinfeldt family for all of the trouble I have caused them.  I would like to apologize to my family for all of the trouble that I have caused them.  I would also like to thank my family for all of their support.  I guess that’s it.”
Yes sir, I want to say I love you to all my family and friends. Thank you Lord for your mercy and unconditional love. In Jesus name I pray, Amen.
There are no endings, only beginnings. Love yall, see you soon.
"Nesha, I love you. I hope this brings you some closure. Titus, if his kids are out there, I'm sorry for your dad. Shan, Charlotte, Baisey, I love you. T.T., I love you. Stay strong.
Michelle, Tammy, Damen, I'm going home. Lawrence, I love you. I am going home to be with the Lord. Find it in your hearts to forgive me. I'm sorry, stay strong. Jesus, take me home."
Yes, sir. First I would like to thank God for letting me see my family. I say this with love, I'm sorry. I say this for my family with love and with God, I love you. I'm happy, and I would like to say on behalf of my family, I love y'all. I am happy. I look into my family's eyes, and I see sadness. Don't be sad, I'm happy. I am sorry for what I have done. Be mindful that I am happy till the end. To the family of my boss, I love you. Young people, listen to your parents; always do what they tell you to do, go to school, learn from your mistakes. Be careful before you sign anything with your name. Never, despite what other people say. God is with y'all. God is the only witness that knows what happened that night. I, Ramiro Hernandez, say this with lots of love to young people, listen to your parents please. Live your life to the fullest, you only live your life once. To the prison system, I would like to thank y'all. Thanks to the officers and to the warden that are going to witness this. I say this with a lot of love and happiness. I have no pain and no guilt. All I have is love. Love will win. Thank you God, I am going with you.
"I would like to tell the Canfield family I'm sorry; sorry for your loss. I wish I could take it back, but I can't. I hope this gives you closure. I did not murder your loved one, it was an accident. I didn't mean for it to happen. I take full responsibility.
To my family, we've talked earlier and you know I'm at peace. God is the ultimate judge, he knows what happened. We talked earlier. I love all of y'all. I'm ready Warden."
The best time in my life is during this period. If I had to do again, I would not change a thing. I have been touched by an angel's wings. If I had it to do again, I would change Dwyer's parents suffering, because I know they are. I know that is not going to eliminate the pain, because I have a child. God, I want to say something so bad. I appreciate the people that helped me out. I appreciate the people that helped me out, and uh, know that I love you, Angel and your family and all the people that helped me out. And if this takes the pain away, so be it. I love you. I'm ready to go.
I love you. To Gerald: you're a zero. I love you Mandy, Tiffany. I love you, too.
Yes, I want to thank my family for supporting me through this. I love ya'll. I don't fear death. I'm fine, I'm OK. To my friends and my loved ones, Miriam, I love you, thanks for being here for me. This is what it is. I know this is hard for ya'll, but we are going to have to go through it. We know the lies they told in court. We know it's not true. I want you to be strong and keep going.
"I just want to say I don't want you to have hate in your heart for me, because I took your loved one. I know it doesn't mean anything; I told the truth because I feel like you should know who killed your loved one. God watches everything. Don't hate me, if you do, you'll have to deal with Him later. For me, live your life but don't hate me. I'm sorry for taking your loved one.
Ms. Suzy, Susan, thank you for fighting for me in the courts. Thank you for supporting me for all these years. Elroy Chester wasn't a bad man, I knew me. A lot of people say I didn't commit those murders, I really did it.
That's my statement. Warden, you can go ahead."
To my loved ones and dear friends, I love ya'll and appreciate ya'll for being there. I am going to a better place. To all the guys back on the row, keep your heads up, keep up the fight. I am ready. Let's go.
"Hey mom and pop. I love ya'll, all of you people in there. You know, ya'll have to come together, you too Terrella. Ya'll work on that. We all have to stand before God at the end of the day. Don't ever think you're perfect, none of us are perfect. God is the only one that is perfect. Jesus is perfect. I did wrong, now I am paying the ultimate price, even though it's a crooked way. I don't hate ya'll. Don't judge, I'm not judging. God has to judge those people. I forgive. Always remember, Romans 12:19 is for real, hell is for real. If ya'll don't have your life right, get it right. We all have to die to get to heaven. Get your life right with Christ; it's coming to an end. I'm talking to each and every soul in this building, in this room. I don't hate nobody, you're doing what you think is your job. God's law is above this law.
Hang on. Cowboy up, I'm fixing to ride. Jesus is my ride. Tell my babies daddy will look down on them. Put a ""C"" in his name for Carl. Tell my boys and tell Tracy to keep on keeping on. Love one another, go to church, change your life for Christ, live your life for Christ. All right, Warden. Terella, I feel it babe, love."
Yes, Warden. Mom, Celeste: Please know I'm innocent and I love you both. Please continue to fight for my innocence even though I'm gone. John, Cort, Allen, Barbara, Louis, and Anna: Thank you for helping me and trying to save my life. I love you. Give everybody my love. Jason, thank you for your friendship. Thank Laura, too. I love all of you. Bye. Ok, Warden.
Can you hear me? Did I ever tell you, you have dad's eyes? I've noticed that in the last couple of days. I'm sorry for putting you through all this. Tell everyone I love them. It was good seeing the kids. I love them all; tell mom, everybody. I am very sorry for all of the pain. Tell Brenda I love her. To everybody back on the row, I know you're going through a lot over there. Keep fighting, don't give up everybody.
"To all of ya'll over here: Mr. Bivins, Allen, Joey, all of ya'll back there, I am truly sorry. I never meant to cause ya'll so much pain. Not one day has passed that I wish I could take it back. After today, I hope you can go on. I hope this brings you closure. God knows I didn't want to do what I did. I loved your daughter. I hope to God, He lets me see her in Heaven so I can apologize to her. I'm sorry. I'm glad ya'll came. Joey, I am really sorry, Joe.
Marjo, you have been there for me for six and a half years. I appreciate that. Take good care of her. I love both of ya'll.
I want to say goodbye to all of ya'll. Goodbye. Please tell my daughter I love her. I'll see ya'll. I'm sorry, Joey, I'm sorry."
"To the victim's family, I am sure I know that I took somebody special from ya'll. I know it wasn't right, it was wrong. I wish I could give it back, but I know I can't. If giving my life in return makes it right, so be it. I ask that ya'll forgive me. I know God forgave me. I know He has forgiven me for what I did. I don't believe that taking my life will solve anything. I believe that if I was locked up for the rest of my life, that would be more of a punishment. To do this is setting me free. God bless ya'll. I wish there was something I could do.
Bernard, thank you. Bill, thanks for being there for me and showing me to the Lord. I give glory to God, I believe I am going home. I love my family. I love everybody. I have love in my heart for ya'll and for my family, we're all victims behind what I did. I wish there was some other way to show I'm sorry. I have a prayer that me and my wife have come up with that I'd like to say. God, hear our prayer. We want to give thanks for this day. I can't do that prayer, that prayer is not right for ya'lls family or my family. Please forgive me. I love ya'll. OK Warden, I am ready. I'm going home. I love ya'll. I'm feeling it."
I'm an innocent man. I did not kill anyone. Ya'll are killing an innocent man. My left arm is killing me. It hurts bad.
Yes, you know I sat in my cell many days wondering what my last words would be: love for my family, grandson, friends. I love you very much. Tonight when I close my eyes, I'll be with my Father. Some time ago I got a letter, I read it, and stuck it in with a bunch of stuff; and I thought to myself, what a cold-hearted person. I was asked about the letter, I spent half the night looking for the letter. A little part of the letter touched me. Over the years I have learned to love. God is everything. God is my life. Tonight, I will be with Him. I am a parent myself.  I have so much for this dear lady. I understand where they're coming from, I thought every person was cruel. I love you so, Susan. You know what it is girl, love ya. Maurie, appreciate it girl. Much love to you all. Mrs. Cox, love you. Momma, you are my hero. I wish this world was just like you. Another mother got hurt, as a parent I understand the pain. That letter she wrote wasn't wrong, she was just hurting. She showed God's love for letting me know that love will be there to welcome me home. I love you all. I don't know what you are going to feel after tonight. I love you. I pray one day we will all meet in heaven. A man told me 11 years ago the hardest thing to say is, "I forgive you." Hope one day we all be together again. I love you all: Susan, Mrs. Cox, momma, Maurie, Michael. Grandbabies make the world go around. I love you all. Warden, I am looking to leave this place on wings of a homesick angel. Ready to go home to meet my maker. What a friend we have in Jesus, oh my God, I lay in awe 'cause I love you God. I love you momma. I love you Susan.
I want to tell ya'll, know that I love you. Billy, I love you, English, Hart and Eloise. Dwight, take care of Dwight. I'm going home, I'm going home. I'll be alright, don't worry.  I love ya'll. God bless and the Texas Rangers, Texas Rangers.
Tell my son I love him very much. God bless everybody. Continue to walk with God. Go Cowboys! Love ya'll man. Don't forget the T-ball. Ms. Mary, thank you for everything that you've done. You too, Brad, thank you. I can feel it, taste it, not bad.
Yes, I do. First of all for the Aubrey Hawkins family, I do apologize for everything that happened. Not because I am here, but for closure in your hearts. I really believe that you deserve that. To my wife, Cheri, I am so grateful you're in my life. I love you so dearly. Thank you to my sister and dear friend Katherine Cox, my son and family, friends and family. I love you so dearly. To my friends, all the guys on the row, you have my courtesy and respect. Thank you to the people involved and to the courtesy of the officers. I am grateful for everything in my life. To my wife, take care of yourself. I will be waiting for you. I love you. God Bless. I am ready to go.
"To the family of Alyssa Vazquez, I hope you will find peace in your heart. My sympathy goes out to you. I hope you find it in your heart to forgive me. I don't know why all of this happened.
I would like to say to my friends, Jung and Arthur, thank you for being there for me through all of these years. Say goodbye to my family. Pray for me, for my soul, rest in peace.
I don't know why all of this happened. I don't know. Jesus, take me home, take me away from this place. Goodbye my friends. Jung and Arthur, tell my family I love them. I love everybody. Tell Emmanuel and Joseph I love them."
No, I have no final statement.
Even though I lay on this gurney, seconds away from my death, I am at total peace. May the Lord Jesus Christ be with me. I am at peace. Hate is going on in this world and it has to stop. Hate causes a lifetime of pain. Even though I lay here I am still at peace. I am still a proud American, Texas loud, Texas proud. God bless America, God bless everyone. Let's do this damn thing. Director Hazelwood, thank you very much. Thank you everyone. Spark, I love you, all of you. I love you Conna. It's all good, it's been a great honor. I feel it; I am going to sleep now. Goodnight, 1, 2 there it goes.
Noel, I love you man. You have been there for me through thick and thin, you and Brigitta. Be there for each other. I am at peace, we have no worries, just as I have no more worries. To the victim's family, may you be at peace also.
Yes, Tell my sister Tracey, I love you. Nicole, thank you and I love you. Wanda and all of my friends, I love you and thank you for your support. To the State of Texas, I am an innocent man. Never trust a court-appointed attorney. I am ready Warden. Thank you, Brad, I'm sorry. Check that DNA, check Scott. Here we go. Lord Jesus, Jesus.
If I can go back and change the past I would, there's nothing I can do. I'm sorry. I love you Adonya. That's it.
I am going to start with the victim's family. I know I took someone very precious to you. Myself and Mr. Galloway who you will see tomorrow. Please forgive me. God has given me peace. I love each and every one of you. You have to forgive me for you to gain the kingdom of Heaven. I wish what was torn from you was not. I do know how it feels to have lost loved ones. This was the only way God could save me; I would pay it back a thousand times to bring back your loved ones. I would pay it gladly. I love each and every one of you and hope you can find forgiveness for me. I don't require your forgiveness, because God has forgiven me. Sorry, I hope you find peace. God's love is infinite. If you hate me, please give it up. I forgive you and I hope you can forgive me. Mom, you are my strength. Kathy we've had some good memories, you are still the monkey. Mom, this is nothing, I am going to go to sleep and wake up with Jesus. This is the only way God could save me. Stefanie, she is my heart, say goodbye to Stefanie. I do not want anybody to mourn my death, celebrate my life. God loves me and God loves you. Mom, you didn't do anything wrong. Thank you, Warden, Thank you Chaplain, Thank you God, I am ready to go. God please take me home. I am ready Warden. Thank you Jesus. I am going mom.
Bye, I'm Ready.
I love my family. Thank you for all of your support. Stay strong. I am at peace. I love you and my kids. See you.
Yes I do. Um Abel, Love ya'll, Evelyn love ya'll, Armando and Delia I love ya'll. Do what I told you and you will see me one day. Do that and promise me. First, Veronica's sister. I know what you've been told and that's all a lie. John Gomez killed your kids and sister. I know ya'll love John Gomez but he was a violent man. I wish I would have shot him in the leg, then he would be here. Those investigators were just trying to convict somebody. My gun had a hair trigger. Veronica told me to come and get my herb book and she went to the back of the closet. Her kids had asthma and I lent her the book. She said she would give it to me next time. She didn't want to break up, we still talked. She told me to come over. John Gomez said Veronica does not have the money for your book so don't come over. Me being a hot shot I went over there and I had my gun. I had children and nephews where I lived so I had to keep my gun in my truck for self defense. Veronica invited me in her house, the kids were still awake fixing to go to bed. I put the gun under my shirt and said Hi to Josh and Cassandra. John Gomez was there he told Veronica that "he doesn't love you" I didn't care.
I would like to say that Capital self defense is not Capital Murder. I would like to make a statement to my wife and family, thank you for your support. I love you Roxanne, Kaye. Thank you Saint Gabriel's Church. Sylvia I appreciate you and thank you. All right Warden. (After the official last statement ended, he said I love you Mom.)
Yes, Sir. I love you Irene and I want to thank you for all the beautiful years of friendship and ministry. I love you.
I love you all. You have been there for me through this whole thing. Take comfort in each other, I love you all. I will take you to Heaven with me. I will always be with you. I love you, Chantal. I love you, Zena. Tell Robin I love her, she is my one and only. She is a beautiful child. I will pray with this man down here and we will go: Our Father, who art in Heaven, hallowed by thy name. Thy kingdom come, thy will be done, on Earth as it is in Heaven. Give us this day our daily bread and forgive us our tresspasses, as we forgive those who trespass against us. And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil. For thine is the kingdom, and the power, and the glory forever. And ever, Amen. I love you Chantal I love you baby. I am yours, and we are one. Let's go, Warden.
Yes. From Allah we came and to Allah we shall return. I would like to give thanks for the unjust way my trial attorneys John Donahue and Frank Hollbrook purposely denied me a fair trial. I would like to thank Walter E. Reeves for bringing up claims that did not exist. Most importantly, I would like to thank John Hurley, who was suppose to be off my case but was granted to be back on. For those who kept agreeing with me, keep it real. Ya'll will always stay real in my heart. Barbara, I love you, Al and Paul, I love you. Jess and Chong, I love you now and forever. I am ready for the transition.
Hello, ain't got to worry about nothing. I am going home. I hope to see all of ya'll one day. Lord have mercy on my soul. For the Flake family, stay strong. It's bad to see a man get murdered for something he didn't do, but I am taking it like a man, like a warrior. I am going home to Jesus. I love ya'll, peace. Iam ready sir... Don't forget to tell my daughter,,, I am ready, Warden.
Yes I do. There has been a lot of confusion on who done this. I know you all want closure. Donna had her Christianity in tact when she died. She never went to a drug house. John Adams lied. He went to the police and told them a story. He made deals and sold stuff to keep from going to prison. I left the house, and I left him there. My only act or involvement was not telling on him. John Adams is the one that killed Donna Vick. I took a polygraph and passed. John Adams never volunteered to take one. I have done everything in my power. Donna Vick helped me; she took me off the street. I was a truck driver; my CDL was still active. Donna gave me everything I could ask for. I helped her around the yard. I helped her around the house. She asked if there were anyone else to help. I am a Christian myself, so I told her about John Adam. We picked him up at a dope house. I did not know he was a career criminal. When we got to the house he was jonesin for drugs. He has to go to Dallas. I was in the bathroom when he attacked. I am deaf in one ear and I thought the T.V. was up too loud. I ran in to the bedroom. By the time I came in, when I tried to help her, with first aid, it was too late. The veins were cut on her throat. He stabbed her in her heart, and that's what killed her. I told John Adams, "turn yourself in or hit the high road." I owed him a favor because he pulled someone off my back. I was in a fight downtown. Two or three days later he turned on me. I have done everything to prove my innocence. Before you is an innocent man. I love my famly. I'll be waiting on ya'll. I'm finished talking.
This inmate declined to make a last statement.
Yes I do, I know this no way makes up for all the pain and suffering I gave you. I am so so sorry. My punishment is nothing compared to the pain and sorrow I have caused. I hope that someday you can find peace. I am not strong enough to ask for forgiveness because I don't if I am worth. I realize what I've done to you and the pain I've given. Please Lord forgive me. I have done some horrible things. I ask the Lord to please forgive me. I have gained nothing, but just brought sorrow and pain to these wonderful people. I am sorry. So so sorry. To the Sanchez family who showed me love. To the Hawkings' family, I am sorry. I know I have affected them for so long. Please forgive me. Irene, I want to thank you and thank your husband Jack. I'll be waiting for you. I am so sorry. To these families I ask forgiveness. Father God I ask you too for forgiveness. I ask you for forgiveness Lord. I am ready to go Lord. Thank you. I am ready to go. My Jesus my Savior there is none like you. All of my days I want to praise, let every breath. Shout to the Lord let us sing.
Blessed are they that mourn, for they shall be comforted. It is finished.
Yes, I would like for my family to take care of each other. I lovel you Angel, Let's ride. I guess this is it.
Yes I would. Carrie it's been a joy and a blessing. Take care, give everybody my regards. I love you, and I'll see you in eternity. Father take me home. I am ready to go.
Ya'll know I love you, you too Ward.  You have been a good friend.  You are a good investigator.  Doug, I thank you for coming from Michigan.  Chris and David, I love you.  Thank them for their support Doug.  Debra, James, I'm not crying so you don't cry.  Don't be sad for me.  I'm going to be with God, Allah, and Momma.  I'm gonna ask dad why didn't give you away at your wedding.  Randy Greer, my little brother, I'll be watching you, stay out of trouble.  All my nieces and nephews, I love you all.  Sammie, Vincent, and Yolanda, I will be watching over you all. The reason it took them so long is because they couldn't find a vein.  You know how I hate needles - I used to stay in the Doctor's Office.  Tell the guys on Death Row that I'm not wearing a diaper.  I can't think of anything else.  You all stay strong.  Now you can put this all aside.  Don't bury me in the prison cemetery.  Bury me right beside momma.  Don't bury me to the left of dad, bury me on the right side of mom. Kim Schaeffer, you are a evil woman.  You broke the law.  The judges and courts helped you and you didn't have all the facts.  When you look at the video, you know you can't see anyone.  You overplayed your hand looking for something against me and to cover it up the State is killing me.  I'm not mad or bitter though.  I'm sad that you are stuck here and have to go through all of this.  I am going somewhere better.  My time is up.  Let me get ready to make my transition.  Doug, don't forget Marcy.
Profanity directed toward staff.
Yes sir, Ernest, Christopher, Ochente, Mary and Jennifer tell all the kids I love them and never forget.  Tell Bobby, Mr. Bear will be dancing for them.  Tell Bear not to feel bad.  My love always, I love you all.  Stay strong Mary, take care of them.  I love you too.  I am ready Warden.
You know, once upon a time diamonds were priceless.  I never knew until I ran across my own.  I just want Eve to know that.  One of these days I'm going to return and get that for myself.  Thank you to my family, I love you.  Each and every one of you.  This is not the end, but the beginning of a new chapter for you and I together forever.  I love you all.  Remember what I told you Brad.  Ms. Irene, God bless you, I love you.  See you on the other side.  Warden, murder me.  Saddam and Gomorrah which is Harris County.
To my family and my mother and my three precious daughters, I love you all.  And to my brother and sister for standing with me throughout this situation.  Stay strong and know that I'm in a better place.  I ask for forgiveness.  And to the victim's family, find peace and cancellation with my death and move on.  Our Lord Jesus Christ, I commend myself to you.  I am ready.
Yes sir, to my family and children, I love you very much.  Dianne, Virginia, Toby and Irene I love all of you.  I apologize for not being the man you wanted me to be.  I am going to be free, I am going to Heaven.  Please be strong and I love you all. To the Wright family, I pray for you, please find peace in your heart.  I know you may hate me for whatever reason, the Lord says hate no one.  I hope you find peace in your heart.  I know my words cannot help you, I truly mean what I say.  God Bless you all.  I love you Dianne, Mary Virginia. Kick the tires and light the fire, I am going home to see my son and my mom, I love you and God Bless you.
Yes I do. I would like to say to my two brother-in-laws and the rest of my family that I would like to thank you for supporting me through all of this. I went home to be with my Father and I went home as a trooper. I would like to say to Damien's family I did not murder your son. I did not do it. I just want you to know that -- I did not murder Damien and would ask for all of your forgiveness and I will see all of you soon. I love you guys. I love you guys. That's it.
Yes, I would like to make a short brief one please.  To Audrey's grandmother, I am sorry for the pain I have caused you for the last 15 years and your family.  I have regretted this for a long time.  I am sorry.  I only ask that you remember the Lord because He remembers us and He forgives us if we ask Him.  I am sorry.  And to my family, and my loved ones - I am sorry for the pain for all those years and for putting you through all the things we had to go through.  I ask the Lord to bless you all.  Tammy, Irene, Betty, Dan Judy - I love you all.  And Jack, thank you.  Warden...
Yes sir. I want to ask if it is in your heart to forgive me. You don't have to. I know I allowed the devil to rule my life. I just ask you to forgive me and ask the Lord to forgive me for allowing the devil to deceive me. I thank God for having patience with me. I don't deserve to cause you pain. You did not deserve this. I deserve what I am getting.
Yes sir.  I would like to say to my family, I am alright. (Spanish) Where are you Leo; are you there Leo? (Spanish) Don't lie man.  Be happy.  Are you happy?  Are you all happy? (Spanish)
Yes I do. I would like to address you first. I did not kill your loved one, but I hope that one day you find out who did. I wish I could tell you the reason why, or give some kind of solace; you lost someone you love very much. The same as my family and friends are going to lose in a few minutes. I am sure he died unjustly, just like I am. I did not murder him; I did not have anything to do with his death. And to you my family and friends, I love you dearly. Even though I die, that love for you will never die. Into Your hands, Lord, I commit my spirit. Thank you. Thank you all.
Yes sir. To Edie, Tom, and and Carma - I love all you all.  I appreciate all your support.  I love you Margherita, Father Guido, and Father Angelo.  I appreciate your spiritual support and all those that were in prayer for me.  I will be O.K.  I am at peace with all of this and I won't have to wake up in prison any more.  I love you all.  I totally surrender to the Lord.  I am ready, Warden.
Yes. I would like to address the victim's family. I received your poem and I am very grateful for your forgiveness. I still want to ask for it anyway. I have Jesus in my heart and I am sorry for any pain I caused you all. Thank you for your forgiveness. I am sorry. Ashlee, Pam -- I am going to miss you all. I love you all. Give everybody my love. Give everybody my love, O.K.? Mother, James, Justin, Corey, Brent, grand-babies and Daddy - I love you Pam. I love you Ashlee, Pammy and Irene. I will see you all on the other side. Couple friends on death row who have helped me; Shy Town and Crazy Jay...I love you all and for all your support. Uncle Ray too. I am saved and I am going home, O.K.? You all stay strong. You all stay strong. That is all.
Yes sir, Warden Okay I've been hanging around this popsicle stand way too long.  Before I leave, I want to tell you all.  When I die, bury me deep, lay two speakers at my feet, put some headphones on my head and rock and roll me when I'm dead.  I'll see you in Heaven someday.  That's all Warden.
I want to apologize to you, and I am sorry.  I have made a lot of mistakes in my life.  The things I did changed so many lives.  I can't take it back, it was an atrocity.  I am sorry.  I beg your forgiveness, I know I am not worthy of it.  I love you Mom and Dad, and all my family.  Thank you for everything.  Jesus, thank you for your love and saving grace.  Thank you for shedding your blood on Calvary for me.  Thank you Jesus for the love you have shown me.
Yes sir, can you hear me?  To you Irene, Thank You.  I love you all.  All right Warden, I'm ready.
Yes I do. Mike and Ms. Allison, I would like to tell you that I am responsible and I am sorry for what I did and the pain I caused you all. I love you Earline and all of my friends that stood by me. I feel blessed to have had you all. Stay strong and take care of them kids. Set me free Warden. Father, accept me.
Into your hands Oh Lord, I commence my spirit.  Amen.
Yeah.  I want to thank my family and friends; my family for all loving me and giving me so much love.  I am sorry; I really am.  You, Brian's sister, thanks for your love --  it meant a lot.  Shane -- I hope he finds peace.  I am sorry I destroyed you all's life.  Thank you for forgiving me.  To the moon and back -- I love you all.
Yes I do.  Sir, in honor of a true American hero. "let's roll".  Lord Jesus receive my spirit.
Yes.  I just want to say I am not sad today or bitter with anybody.  Like I've said from day one, I did not go in there and kill them - but I am no better than those that did.  Jesus is Lord.
Yes. Connie, Nanny, Bea, Kathy and Richard - I love you all and I thank you all very much for supporting me with your love. In the name of Jesus, I am sorry for the pain I caused you all. I am sorry. Gilbert didn't deserve to die and I want you all to know I am sorry. I pray that the good Lord will give you all peace. Okay.
The statement that I would like to make is, none of this should have happened and now that I'm dying, there is nothing left to worry about. I know it was a mistake. I have no one to blame but myself. It's no big deal about choosing right from wrong. I pray that everyone involved overlooks the stupidity. Everybody has problems and I won't be a part of the problem anymore. I can quit worrying now, it was all a mistake. That's all I want to say.
I would like to say to the victim's family, if this goes on record, that I know they have gotten grief and I know with this execution, it will not be any relief to them. That with my death, it will just remind them of their loved one, Mr. Holder. I would like to say to them, "please forgive me for what happened; it was self defense...and I was never able to get up on the stand to tell them." I know this is wrong. I am going home to the Lord.
Written  To the families of Ms. Thompson and Ms. Cutler. I am sorry for what happened and that it was because of me that they are gone.  If there were any way I could change things and bring them back I would. But I can't.  Because of what I caused to happen many people were affected and I am very sorry that I did.  I have made my peace with God and I pray that soon everyone will be able to have closure in their hearts and lives.  To my family and friends, I love you and some day we will all be together again.
I would like to say first of all the real violent crimes in this case are acts committed by James Boswell and Clay Morgan Gaines. We have the physical evidence to prove fabrication and cover-up. The people responsible for killing me will have blood on their hands for an unprovoked murder. I am not guilty; I acted in self-defense and reflex in the face of a police officer who was out of control. James Boswell had his head beat in; possibly due to this he had problems. My jurors had not heard about that. They did not know he had suffered a head injury from the beating by a crack dealer five months earlier; that he was filled with anger and wrote an angry letter to the Houston Chronicle. He expressed his frustration at the mayor, police chief and fire chief. He was mad at the world. Three and a half months before I worked on a deal with the DEA, the informant was let off. At the moment he left the courtroom, he became angry with me; Officer Boswell was upset about this. Officer Boswell and an angry woman were in the police car and they were talking in raised voices. In other words, Officer Boswell was angry at the time I walked up. Officer Boswell may have reacted to the... (Inmate stopped speaking in mid-sentence.)
I want to say God forgives as I forgive. God is the greatest. Thank you.
I would like to say a final prayer: Dear Heavenly Father, I come to you today, Lord, and thank You for this opportunity to be with You in paradise.  I ask You for forgiveness for the ones that need to be forgiven.  Dear Lord, deliver us from evil and give us the comfort and peace and joy that we need.  Dear Lord, I ask You right now to be with each of the witnesses and lift them up and be on solid ground.  Let them know what has gone on and may we all see each other again.  Amen. I would like to thank each witness:  Ms. Cox, Whiteside, Reed, Scott, and Chad.  I am going to go and see Jesus tonight and reserve a special place for each one of you.  You all have been there when no one else was.  Thank you for all of your love and support.  Just know that I am ready to go.  You all know what I've gone through.  I am going to a better place with the Lord.  I'm mad for one reason, that I'm leaving you behind, when I am going to a better place.  Y'all still have to go through this hell on earth.  Just remember the good things and not the bad.  You are all loved and respected. Warden, just give me parole and let me go home to be with the Lord.
I just want to tell my Mom that I am sorry that I caused her so much pain and my family and stuff.  I love them and I hurt for the the fact that they are going to be hurting.  I really hate that; and that I'm hoping they are going to be O.K.
First of all, I would like to apologize to the Guajardo family even though they are not present. I loved Yolanda a lot. I hope and pray they can forgive me for all the pain. To my family, stay strong. Tom, Orlando, Celia, stay strong. Michael, thank you for your friendship. Thank you for the support you have given me. I thank all of you and I love all of you. To the guys on death row, stay strong and I hope to see you someday. Bye bye, I love you guys, don't worry about me. It's going to be alright.
"Spoken: Yes, I do.  My last full statement is being released in a way other than me right here.  All I want to say, I love you all.  Approximately 28 years ago, I remember looking down at a bassinet, I saw an angel.  I am looking at her right now.  I love you, Colleen.  Let's get going.  The road goes on forever, and the party never ends.  Let's rock and roll.  Let's go Warden.  Me and you, all of us.  Remember wet Willie - keep on smiling, keep on smiling.  I love you.  It's on the way, I can feel it.  It's OK, baby.  We have a party to go to.  I can feel it now.  
Written: Over the last few days we've had a chance to say it all.  If I lived to be a 100, the love we all share couldn't be more beautiful.  Than you for loving me. II Timothy 1.7 tells us that God DID NOT instill in us the spirit of fear: but of power, love, and of sound mind...For those of you who seek to find fear in my eyes?  Look into yourself, thats where you'll find the fear you so desperately search for. I leave this life with a clear conscience and heart;  I can say that only because I have spoke the truth over the last 16+ years.  I am the only one that can say that truthfully. Chief Neal:  as to what you said to me when you had me in the back seat of your car on the night of Nov 11?  Thank you for being so determined to only seek a specific conclusion, truth be damned!  I say that because the thought of having to die of old age in prison is the worst death any person could endure. To Modina Holmes:  I thank you for planting that bullet in the ground, and the cigarette butt, also the knives Danny Helgren had packed in his suit case in the trunk of the car; which you placed in the cab for your photo shoot.  I also want to thank you and Chief Neal, because of your actions, it shows me that you are human and can love, the same as I love my Club Brothers.  We're a lot more alike than you think.   To Wes Clayton:  You were nothing but a paid chump.  You were brought in to do all the dirty work on this case so as to shield Randy Sherrod, ""AKA Daffy Duck"" from possibly soiling his reputation if the bottom fell out of this conviction through the appeals.  For 16 years now you have been the one I have dreamed of having the chance to meet again: UNrestrained!  I really would have loved to have had the chance to take your lying ass to school, boy! James Farren:  You ain't as slick as you think you are.  I read that article the Globe printed on the 27th, where you expressed how Eardmann wasn't important because there was at least one witness at trial who testified the first shot diarmed Mitchell and rendered him defenseless.  Your sure right about that. Just wonder how many people out there other than me and you know that one witness you used to justify Eardmann was actually Eardmann himself!  You know as well as I do the only witness to testify about sequence of shots was Eardmann himself.  I have to admit, when it comes to walking the line between a lie and a deception, your good!  You sure your not related to Clayton? And to the Mitchell family:  I truely am sorry for the tragedy that took place on Nov 11, 85.  Thats all I can give you.  Thats all I will give you.  Because today your making my family and loved ones a victim just as you have cried to the world you were in this tragedy.  I did not deliberately shoot James Mitchell.  I had no premeditation in my thoughts when I spun around and fired, no matter how many fantasy motives Clayton and Sherrod fabricated.  So today my family becomes a victim.  You know, the truth sets you free, and the truth is, if your loved one had acted with any professionalism at all, he would be alive today!  And thats all I got to say about it.  Scooter, get the beer and get in the truck, take me home baby, we got a party to get ready for.  I love ya'll.  Remember Wet Willy Boocub."
Yes, Warden.  I just want to let everyone know that this here is a tragedy.  What happened to Diana, Corey, and what is happening to me...it is a tragedy.  That is all Warden.
Yes sir, members of Mrs. Sanchez's family, I don't know who you are and other people present.  As I said, I'm taking responsibility fro the death of your daughter in 1983.  I'm deeply sorry for the loss of your loved one.  I am a human being also.  I know how it feels, I've been there.  I cannot explain and can't give you answers.  I can give you one thing, and I'm going to give that today.  I'm give a life for a life.  I pray you will have no ill will or animosity.  You have the right to see this, I am glad you are here.  All I can do is ask the Lord for forgiveness.  I am not saying this to be facetious.  I am giving my life.  I hope you find comfort in my execution.  As for me, I am happy, that is why you see me smiling.  I am glad I am leaving this world.  I am going to a better place.  I have made peace with God, I am born again.  Thank you for being here, I'm sorry.  I hope you get over any malice or hatred you feel.  Because it yields sorrow and suffering.  I take responsibility for the loss of your daughter.  I can't give answers.  I hope you can find peace in the days to come.  God bless all of you.  Thank you all for being here. Begins singing:  Amazing Grace
I'd like to tell the Humphrey family, I am sorry for the pain and suffering that I have caused you. I never intended for your husband and father to be killed, it was just an accident. I sincerely regret any pain and sorrow. I realize that my actions have caused this death and a lot of pain and grief. I pray that Jesus will give you peace. I just ask that my death bring you peace and solace. If my death brings you that, then I will gladly give it. I know that I leave this world for the crime that I committed.  To my friends, Jack and Irene Wilcox. Bless you both, you've been my rock. Irene, you have been like a mother and Jack, you have been like a father. To my lawyers, Danalyn and Robert Owen, you are not just my lawyers but you are my friends. I know you weren't happy when I stopped my appeals, but you know the reason why. Thank you for understanding. Have a happy heart knowing I leave this world in peace. Father Walsh, you have helped me so much to come to a knowledge of the Lord. I would never have understood that without you. You give me patience and diligence. Someday I will see you there. I'll be there waiting for you but don't be in a hurry. You have a lot of work left to do. Just know that I'll be watching over you. I love you all and thank you for being a part of my life. (recites the Lord's Prayer)
First, I would like to tell my family that I love them. I will be waiting on them. I am fine. I hope that everyone gets some closure from this. I am innocent. Lubbock County officials believe I am guilty. I am not. Travis Ware has the burden on him to prove that he did not commit felonies. He needs to be stopped or he is going to do it time and time again. The power is invested in you as a public official to do your job.  That's all Warden. I love y'all.   June 25, 2008.
I love you, I love everyone, I go out with great love and respect.  This is a great day to pass on.  This so called dying.  This is a great day to approach this glorious event.  Approach the present. (mumbling)  Thy will be done.  (more mumbling)  I love you all.  Don't waste your time arguing and bickering.  God loves you all.  All that really matters is love.  Love is the only thing for us.  There is no closure without love.  Forgive one another.  You got to learn how to forgive and embrace one another.  Be one.  Our love is just like...it is the nectar of God.  We have so much to give when we give out of our hearts.  The hear is the wishing well that waters the tree.  I wish and desire one thing.  I wish only the best for all of you.  (unknown tongues)  I love the love in every man and child.  Mankind is my family and tribe.  I am ready grumah.  A poet once said, "...is my country.  There is no separation between you and me There is no enemies, only family.  I am a minister of love.  I go out loving everyone and everything.  God bless my...country.  I shed tears of love may they nourish everyone.  Stop killing start loving.  Stop the violence.  Let my death change society.  You don't need any more killing.  You don't need any minimum, maximum security, death row.  You don't need the death penalty.  We need more loving fathers and mothers.  It is a good day to die.  Take me God, Hold me in yours and carry me home.
Robin you know this ain't right. Mama, Adam, Mike, Sonny, Michelle, y'all know I love you. Tell everybody I said hi and that I love them and I will see them on the other side. Okay? And now I just pray that if there is anything against me that God takes it home. I don't want nobody to be mad at nobody. I don't want nobody to be bitter. Keep clean hearts and I will see y'all on the other side. Okay? I love y'all, stay sweet. I love ya.
I want the victim's family to know that I didn't commit this crime. I didn't kill your loved one. Sharon Wilson, y'all convicted an innocent man and you know it. There are some lawyers hired that is gonna prove that, and I hope you can live with it. To my family and loved ones, I love you. Thank you for supporting me. Y'all stay strong. Warden, take me home.
Hey, how are ya'll doing? Alright, it's gong to be alright. There's some guys I didn't get a chance to visit with, ah I met when I first drove up here…Lester Byers, Chris Black, Alba, John Alba, and Rosales Rock. You know who you are. The Raiders are going all the way, ya'll (mumbles…Mo-B). Ya'll pray for me. And it's going to be alright. That's it and it's time to roll up out of her. It's going down, let's get it over with. That's it.
I understand that Michael Skains is supposed to be here somewhere. They did everything but make sure I got a fair trial to prove I was innocent. I wasn't the one who had the gun to give to police and all these altered records from the District Attorney's office and the Attorney General's office, that's why Michael Sputnick got fired and ran off when I filed these appeals. Not one of my sell out lawyers would use this evidence, because they all work as a conspiracy with the court. No doubt about it. Jack King did everything he could to keep me from making arms and showing this evidence. They wait till the hearing was over and then make the arguments in the court or on paper where nobody can rebut it or contradict the testimony or arguments. There's more than 30 altered and falsified records saying I told so and so this or that, but you go look in their record, it does not say Thomas Mason called them at all and told them anything. But that's okay. All this evidence is being saved, so Jack King can laugh all he wants like he's the big hero, after this is over with, that's fine. But the person that had the gun, they know was not Thomas Mason, so who's getting the last laugh after all? The guy that got away. But Jack King knows he illegally convicted me of all these falsified altered records. My sister's got the document that my lawyer filed, but he didn't file with the court. It's got the signature on it. He put this all in one record. So it's going to be saved. It ain't going to be destroyed just because I'm dead. Everybody's got to go sooner or later and sooner or later everyone of ya'll will be along behind me. That's all I got to say.
I have been crucified with Christ. It is no longer I who lives, but Christ who lives in me. So for the life for which I live now in the flesh, I live by faith in the Son of God who loved me and gave himself for me. I love you, Annie. You have been the best friend I have ever had in the world. I'll see you when you get there, okay?  I am ready, Warden.
Yes sir, I would like to address the Robinson family. There is nothing I can say here or anything I could probably do. Now you are all probably mad at me and I would probably be in the same situation you all in if anybody I thought killed anybody in my family ahh. If I knew who killed Rosalyn I would let you know, but, I am going to say this: I am going to heaven with God as my witness. Ros was a personal friend of mine. She was a beautiful person, very educated, her. I'm very tight with the Robinson family. She was proud that she had a father that was a doctor. My family is not here present and that is by my wish and my wish only. Now the tables is turned. You are all here, the Robinson family is her to see me executed. That is something that I would not want for my family. In no form or fashion would I have ever want to see Rosalyn dead. I left the scene of where the incident happened. I guarantee you if I would have been there you would not be standing where you are if I would have been there. You all have some very serious look on your face and something very serious fixin' to happen now. I will say this on my own behalf but then again I know it is not going to make any difference but what you fixing to witness is not a nice thing. It's not nice. It's not nice. The media. I would just like to address to the media with everybody's permission. I would like to say before I go that it has been said that I have shown no remorse, but if you look at my record and my background, ask anybody that know me that in order for me to show any kind of remorse for killing that ever been done, this one time I can't show no remorse for something that I did not do and if I did I would be faking. I would totally be faking and believe me there is nothing fake about me. Nothing fake. I've done wrong, sure, I've paid the time. This is one time that I know I cannot show no remorse for something that I did not do. I am at peace, please believe me. Wherefore, I figure that what I am dying for now is what I have done in my past. This is what I am dying for. Not for killing Rosalyn. I don't know what ya'll call her but I call her Ros, I call her Ros. That's it.
Yes, I do. I want to tell you all how much I love you all, how much I appreciate everything. I love you all and my family. I treasure every moment that I have had. I want the guys to know out there not to give up, not to give in, that I hope someday the madness in the system, something will come about, something will be resolved.  I would gladly trade the last 24 years if it would bring back Mark Fredericks. Give him back his life, give back my father his life, and my mother her health. All I ask is that I have one day and all the memories of you and my family and all the things that have happened. They are executing an innocent man because things did not happen as they say they happen and there's. The truth will come out someday. I am not the same person as I was 24 years ago. Who would have thought it would have taken 24 years to get to this moment? Don't give up, don't give in. If I am paying my debt to society, I am due a rebate and a refund, but I love you all and you all watch out for Mom and you all keep up, keep going.  Thank you, Warden.
Love ya'll, see you on the other side.
I want to start out by acknowledging the love that I've had in my family. No man in this world has had a better family than me. I had the best parents in the world. I had the best brothers and sisters in the world. I've had the most wonderful life any man could have ever had. I've never been more proud of anybody than I have of my daughter and my son. I've got no complaints and no regrets about that. I love everyone of them and have always been loved all of my life. I've never had any doubts about that. Couple of matters that I want to talk about since this is one of the few times people will listen to what I have to say. The Unites States has gotten to a now where they zero respect for human life. My death is just a symptom of a bigger illness. At some point the government has got to wake up and stop doing things to destroy other countries and killing innocent children. The ongoing embargo and sanctions against places like Iran and Iraq, Cuba and other places. They are not doing anything to change the world, but they are harming innocent children. That's got to stop at some point. Perhaps more important in a lot of ways is what we are doing to the environment is even more devastating because as long as we keep going the direction we're going the end result is it won't matter how we treat other people because everybody on the planet will be on their way out. We have got to wake up and stop doing that. Ah, one of the few ways in the world the truth is ever going to get out, or people are ever going to know what's happening as long as we support a free press out there. I see the press struggling to stay existent as a free institution One of the few truly free institutions is the press in Texas. People like the Texas Observer and I want to thank them for the job they've done in keeping me and everybody else informed. I hope people out there will support them, listen to them and be there for them. Without it, things like this are going to happen and nobody will even know. I love all of you. I always have I always will. I would like to address the State of Texas and specially Joe Price, the District Attorney who put me here. I want to remind Mr. Price of the mistake he made at Gene Hawthorn's trial when he said that Gene Hawthorn was telling the truth at my trial. Mr. Price is a one-eyed hunting dog. He in fact is not a one-eyed hunting dog, and in fact Gene Hawthorn lied at my trial. Everybody knew it. I'm dying tonight based on testimony, that all parties, me, the man who gave the testimony, the prosecutor he used knew it was a lie. I am hoping somebody will call him to the floor for recent comments he's made in the newspaper. It's bad enough that a prosecutor can take truth and spin on it and try to re-doctor it. But when they actually make facts up and present to the public as trial's evidence. That goes beyond fail, that's completely unforgivable and I hope somebody makes Mr. Price account for or explain the tennis shoes he is talking about that put me here. I'm still completely lost on that and I'm hoping that somebody will go back and verify the trial record and make him accountable for lying to the public and the press that way. That's really all I have to say except that I love my family. and nobody, nobody has got a better family than me. I love you booger bear. I love doodle bug, too. Don't let them ever forget me. I'll never forget them. I'll see you on the other side, okay. Bye bye Debbie. Bye bro, bye booger bear. Father Mike, Father Walsh, love you all. That's all, sir.
Ah, just ah sorry ya'll. I think of tried everything I could to get in touch with ya'll to express how sorry I am. I, I never was right after that incident happened. I sent a letter to somebody, you know a letter outlining what I feel about everything. But anyway I just wanted, right after that apologize to you. I'm real sorry for it. I was raised by the California Youth Authority, I can't really pin point where it started, what happened but really believe that's just the bottom line, what happened to me was in California. I was in their reformatory schools and penitentiary, but ah they create monsters in there. That's it, I have nothing else to say. Thanks for coming Jack.
I'm sorry, I wish I could bring them back. I'm done, let's do it.
I would like to say a little something. I just want to say I'm sorry to the family. I know I caused you a lot of pain and suffering and I hope that you will find some peace and comfort in this. That if there is any anger you can let it go. Not let it come between you and God. Sorry for causing everybody such trouble tonight, Bruce, Joe, ya'll all treat me with respect I appreciate it. I really do. I just want to tell my family, everybody I love and I want you to know that I love you, and that God loves you too. Everything is going to be just fine, just fine. I love ya'll. That's it.
I would like to give thanks to God Almighty, by whose grace I am saved through His son, Jesus Christ, without whom I would be nothing today. Because of this mercy and grace, I have come a long way, and I would like to thank God and others who have been instrumental. I would like to say to the Lang family how truly sorry I am in my soul and in my heart of hearts for the pain and misery that I have caused from my actions. I am truly sorry. And to my family I would also like to extend to them the same apology for the pain and misery that I have put them through, and I love them dearly from the bottom of my heart, and one day I would like to see them on the other side. Some I will; some I won’t. I would like to thank all of the men on Death Row who have showed me love throughout the years, but especially the last two or three weeks, and I hold nothing against no man. I am so thankful that I have lived as long as I have. I hope that I have helped someone. I hope that [by] donating my body to science that some parts of it can be used to help someone, and I just thank the Lord for all that he has done for me. That is all I have to say, Warden.  Oh, I would like to say in closing, "What about those cowboys?"
"The first statement I would like to make it’s my sister. I want her to know that every thing that is said, every move that is made, every motion, I hold it true to my heart. I hold it in my soul.
I want you to know that I am not guilty and I will say this to the family. I did not kill your daughter. Take it the way you want. Sorry for the pain.
Sister, I love you and will be there with you, to help you. I want to talk to you about being there by her. You know what I am saying. I want to thank you, thank you for the words. The dying words, you know. They mean a lot. Make sure he knows what I want him to know.
I want to quote a song that I wrote called ""God Living with Us 24 Hours."" It goes:
Tell the kids I love them and I’ll be there. That’s all I have to say."
"Hello, Ms. Ingram, it is good to see you. I said I could talk but I don’t think I am gonna be able to. I heard one of your nieces had some angry words. I didn’t have anything to do with the stay. I spent the last twenty years waiting to figure out what’s going on. I pray that you get over it and that’s the only thing I can think to say. I’m regretful for what I done, but I’m a different person from that time. If you could get to know me over the years, you could have seen it. I’ve got some people over here that believes that.
I want to talk to my friends over here for a second. Well, it’s good to see you guys. Look after Mary Lynn for me. Like I said, I’ve called my mother already, so she knows. Goodbye."
I’d like to apologize and ask forgiveness for any pain and suffering I have inflicted upon all of you, including my family. All of you, I am very sorry. There is a point where a man wants to die in judgment. Though my judgment is merciful, I hope and pray that all those involved as well as the judgment upon ya’ll, will one day be more merciful than mine. God bless you all. God speed. I love you. Remain strong. Ask God to have mercy. I love you all, too. I’m very sorry. I’ve got to go now. I love you.
As the ocean always returns to itself, love always returns to itself. So does consciousness, always returns to itself. And I do so with love on my lips. May God bless all mankind.
I just want to tell Catharina I love you. Take care of yourself. That’s all I have to say.
I guess the first thing I want to do is thank some very special people, Sara and Sabrina. And for affording me the opportunity that ya’ll did. It made a real big difference in my life. I thank you. Thank you again from the deepest part of my heart. I’m sorry. The biggest thing I wanted to say was to you and family and I know I haven’t had a chance to talk with ya’ll in any form or fashion or way or manner. And I regret what happened and I want you to know that I’m sorry. I just ask and hope that sometime down the line that you can forgive me. I think in a lot of ways that without that it becomes very empty and hollow and the only thing we have is hatred and anger. I guess the only thing I have to say about the Death Penalty is that a lot of times people think of it as one sided, but it’s not. It’s two sided. There pain on both sides and it’s not an issue that people just sit there and voice off and say, well, this is a good thing, or this is a bad thing. But it’s something that’s, you know, needs to be looked at and desired in each heart. I just hope that all of you can understand that and someday forgive me. I want to thank ya’ll for affording me the opportunity to talk and meet with ya’ll. It meant so much. Thank you so much for being with me and my family. Thank you. I love you.
"Thank you for setting me free. God bless you all. I love you, Miguel. Take care of my angel, Leslie. Love, Javier Cruz
."
Keep it brief here. Just want to say, uh, family, take care of yourselves. Uh, look at this as a learning experience. Everything happens for a reason. We all know what really happened, but there are some things you just can’t fight. Little people always seem to get squashed. It happens. Even so, just got to take the good with the bad. There is no man that is free from all evil, nor any man that is so evil to be worth nothing. But it’s all part of life, and my family, take care of yourselves. Tell my wife I love her. I’ll keep an eye on everybody, especially my nieces and nephews. I’m pretty good. I love ya’ll. Take care. I’m ready.
I love you all. We had a good service and I’ll be with you. I’ll be waiting for you in Heaven. Ok. Adios. That’s all I have to say.
I want to tell you folks there, of a… I have a love in my heart for you. I hope you don’t look for satisfaction or comfort or peace in my execution. Jesus Christ is my Lord and Savior and I want him to be yours. I’m sorry for the pain and heartache I’ve caused your family. Too many years I’ve caused all my family problems and heartache. I’m sorry. I wanted to let you know that the Lord Jesus is my life and I just want to go. I’m gonna fall asleep and I’ll be in his presence shortly. I got reason to rejoice and I pray to see all of you there someday.
"I know you can’t hear me now but I know that it won’t matter what I have to say.
I want you to know that I did not kill your sister. If you want to know the truth, and you deserve to know the truth, hire your own investigators.
That’s all I have to say."
"Mindy, I’m with you, honey. I do not know why, Mindy, you are doing this, but I will still forgive you. You know he is a murderer. Why don’t you support me? He will do it again. Mindy, you are lucky you are still alive.
Give my love to my family. I love them. Mindy, you can stop this.
O.K., I’m ready."
"I would like to tell the victims’ families that I am sorry, very sorry.
 I am so sorry. Forgive me if you can.
I know it’s impossible, but try.
Take my hand, Lord Jesus, I’m coming home."
Yes, I do. I would like to tell the surviving victims here, society, my family and friends, that I ask that they forgive me for anything I have done. I beg for your forgiveness. I would like to ask the Lord Jesus Christ for forgiveness and say that in spite of my circumstances, I have been blessed by Him. My first thought is that Jesus Christ came down and separated the humans from God. I would like to see that wall that separates these groups here tonight brought down and that we would all have love and compassion for one another and that you all build a future for all of us. There are a lot of men on the Row who need to be remembered. I love all…
"I am so glad I found God and I am so happy for it.
I love my family and I want them to know that.
That is about all I have to say."
"Ms. Craft and Ms. Bethrie, I don’t know what to say to you   but I apologize for the pain I have caused you and your family over the years. I   hope that you will accept my apology and that you will know that it is sincere.   I hope this will allow you and your family to move on and I hope you will   forgive me and I hope Mr. Hanon [illegible] will forgive me for taking   his life. Please accept my apology. I love you all.
I am finished."
"I would like to say to the Magee family and the Cadena family that I was friends with David and Virginia and I did not commit this offense.
I have tried to do something to compensate the families by writing a book. I would like for the proceeds to go to the Magee family and the Cadena family.
There is someone who will be contacting them or they can get in touch with my attorney.
I would like to thank you for standing by me and loving me and carry my best to my ""sun,"" my butterfly.
Goodbye, sun, I love you."
I would like to apologize for all of the hurt, pain and disappointment I caused to my family and all my friends.  I hope all the veterans and teenagers out there who have a drug problem will get help.  I hope the lord will forgive me of all of my sins.  I thank Jack and Kathy for being with me.  I hope that those who support the Death Row inmates will continue to work and maybe we can get this resolved and do away with the Death Penalty.  I hope this is a lot better place where I am going.
I would like to thank my Lord Jesus Christ for keeping me strong all these years. I would also like to thank my mother for standing by me all these years. I would also like to thank my pen pals, Joe and Camille Tilling and JoAnn for helping me stay strong all these years. I also thank my two lawyers, Rita and Brent, for fighting to keep me alive. I love you, Mom -
"Yes, I do. First of all, I want you to understand I speak the truth when I say I didn’t kill your kids. Honestly I have not killed anyone. I wish you could get the rage from your hearts and you could see the truth and get rid of the hatred.
I love you all – (names of children) – Corey, Steve (garbled) – This is very important. I love ya’ll and I miss ya’ll. O.K., now I’m finished."
Not from me but I have a message to you from God. Save the children. Find one who needs help and make a small sacrifice of your own wealth and save the innocent ones. They are the key for making the world a better place.
I thank God that he died for my sins on the cross, and I thank Him for saving my soul, so I will know when my body lays back in the grave, my soul goes to be with the Lord. Praise God. I hope whoever hears my voice tonight will turn to the Lord. I give my spirit back to Him. Praise the Lord. Praise Jesus. Hallelujah.
I want the world to know that I’m innocent and that I’ve found peace. Let’s ride.
I would like to say – I just hope Ms. Fielder is happy now. I would like to thank my lawyer, Nancy, for her help on my case and for being with me now.
I would like to say that I have no animosity toward anyone. I made a mistake 18 years ago – I lost control of my mind but I didn’t mean to hurt anyone. I have no hate toward humanity. I hope He will forgive me for what I done. I didn’t mean to.
"I have committed lots of sin in my life, but I am not guilty of this crime.
I would like to tell my son, daughter and wife that I love them –
Eden, if they want proof of them, give it to them. Thanks for being my friend."
"I told the daughter not to come. Discontinue; be quiet, please. Specifically, I want to say that the bad evil man I was when I came to death row 13 years ago is no more – by the power of God; Jesus Christ; God Almighty; Holy Spirit, he has transformed me as a new creature of Christ. I know that I am a Christ child and that my Lord will welcome me into His arms.
Jesus Christ is the Lord of Lords and the King of Kings. I love all of you, those I can and can’t see. With the love of Christ, my love for you is secure and I love you purely and wholeheartedly in the name of the Almighty God."
I am the sinner of all sinners.  I was responsible for the ’75 and ’79 cases. My trial was not just; it was not fair; they lied against me. I love all of those on Death Row, and I will always hold them in my hands. Those who stood by me, I will always love you. Jim and Judy Peterson and Chaplain Lopez, I thank you for staying by my side.
I am innocent, innocent, innocent. Make no mistake about this; I owe society nothing. Continue the struggle for human rights, helping those who are innocent, especially Mr. Graham. I am an innocent man, and something very wrong is taking place tonight. May God bless you all. I am ready.
High Flight (aviation poem)
Thanked his family.
Let’s do it, man. Lock and load. Ain’t life a [expletive deleted] ?
His final statement lasted 3 minutes. He thanked everybody that fought against his sentence. He spoke to his family and said he would carry their love with him.
I hope Mrs. Howard can find peace in this.
I would like to tell Mr. Richard that I appreciate all he has done for me. I love you all. God bless. Goodbye, David.
I want to thank Father Walsh for his spiritual help. I want to thank Bob Ray (Sanders) and Steve Blow for their friendship. What I want people to know is that they call me a cold-blooded killer when I shot a man that shot me first. The only thing that convicted me was that I am a Mexican and that he was a police officer. People hollered for my life, and they are to have my life tonight. The people never hollered for the life of the policeman that killed a thirteen-year-old boy who was handcuffed in the back seat of a police car. The people never hollered for the life of a Houston police officer who beat up and drowned Jose Campo Torres and threw his body in the river. You call that equal justice. This is your equal justice. This is America’s equal justice. A Mexican’s life is worth nothing. When a policeman kills someone he gets a suspended sentence or probation. When a Mexican kills a police officer this is what you get. From there you call me a cold-blooded murderer. I didn’t tie anyone to a stretcher. I didn’t pump any poison into anybody’s veins from behind a locked door. You call this justice. I call this and your society a bunch of cold-blooded murderers. I don’t say this with any bitterness or anger. I just say this with truthfulness. I hope God forgives me for all my sins. I hope that God will be as merciful to society as he has been to me. I’m ready, Warden.
I pray that my family will rejoice and will forgive, thank you.
"Statement to the Media: I, at this very moment, have absolutely no fear of what may happen to this body.  My fear is for Allah, God only, who has at this moment the only power to determine if I should live or die... As a devout Muslim, I am taught and believe that this material life is only for the express purpose of preparing oneself for the real life that is to come... Since becoming Muslim, I have tried to live as Allah wanted me to live.
Spoken:
Yes, I do. 
  I love you. 
  Asdadu an la ilah illa Allah, 
  Asdadu an la ilah illa Allah, 
  Asdadu anna Muhammadan Rasul Allah,
  Asdadu anna Muhammadan Rasul Allah. 
  I bear witness that there is no God but Allah. 
  I bear witness that Muhammad is the messenger of Allah. 
  Inna li-Allah wa-inna ilayhi rajiun. 
  Verily unto Allah do we belong, Verily unto him do we return.
  Be strong."
