
Yes. I would Warden I call upon peace. To the Victims of the  family. there is not a day that goes by that I do not think about that faithful  event of that day and what transpired. I pray that the lord gives you peace. I  pray that the lord gives you what you seek. There are no words to describe what  you are going through. and I understand your pain. To my family I love you. To  my family out there, and my brothers on death row/ life row I love you. To the  people that have shown compassion and that have been there for me you are my  true family and I have been pleased. I am a man of many faults for those I have  hurt and cause pain in their life. I beg for forgiveness. Let everyone know I  am sorry for all the wrongs that I have done. For those that called for me and  transgressed against me and want me murdered. I forgive you. I truly do. I have  been blessed God these three to four years. Something was brought about by  courageous men of God to make something beautiful. I learned grace. I learned  forgiveness. I learned love, I learned to look at others with love no matter  who they are. I have learned there is no redemption above forgiveness. Like  Abraham Lincoln said once that mercy bears richer fruits than any other  attributes. I pray one day the message of the lord would be heard because the  world is hurting, and things could be better. I don't know what else to say. To  my family, I'm good, I'm strong just know that I'm going to be okay. I'm good.  I love y’all. I love y’all I truly do. I will see y’all in the other world. I'm  ready warden. Send me home.
Yes Warden, I would like to tell the family of the victim that I could never figure out the words to fix what I have broken. I just want you to know that this 53-year-old is not the same reckless 19-year-old kid from 1990. I hope you find peace. Thank you, Warden.
What is occurring  here tonight is not justice, it’s murder of an innocent man for a murder that  occurred in 1992. For the last 30 years I’ve proven my innocence to the courts,  but the courts blocked me and then refused me access to the ballistics for 20  years; I’ve proven facts and ballistics to be false. It’s been 30 years now,  the state refused to turn over evidence. Nine of the ten trial motions were  filled for discovery of evidence, but each were denied each time. I asked for  DNA, I was denied DNA. My co-defendant was executed in 2006 and if I’m innocent  he was innocent and they killed an innocent man, and the state doesn’t want the  truth to come out. They won’t allow me DNA. The victim’s son identified on  audio tape it wasn’t me or the co-defendant. The state hid the evidence so long  and good that my own attorneys couldn’t find it. Tonight, Texas will kill a second  innocent man for a murder that occurred in 1992. I have no further words.
Vetta, Jared, Ray I’m  sorry, no I’m not sorry, I apologize for all the harm I have caused you and  your family. We ate together, we broke bread together, we laughed and cried  together as a family. I’m sorry I failed you, there’s nothing I can do. I’m not  just saying that because I’m laying on this gurney. We were all one and I broke  that bond right or wrong I took not one, but two people that we all loved, and  I had to live with that while I was here. I ask that you forgive me, not for me  but for y’all. I’m fixing to go home and y’all are going to be here. I want to  make sure you don’t suffer. You have to forgive me to heal and move on. Sorry  JT, I always loved you and I told you I will never say goodbye, but this is  goodbye. There’s nothing I can do to bring your mom and sister back. One thing  about the man I used to be, is that I never stopped loving y’all. See y’all on  the other side. God bless you. I’m done Warden.”
Yes ma’am, I want to  thank y’all. I love y’all for supporting me. I want to apologize for the wrong  I did to y’all. Forgive me, I’m ready ma’am.
I want to take this moment to be shared with everyone, to  give God all the glory of our love, peace wisdom, kindness, and respect. God  knows the truth. He is the truth, the way, and the life. I don’t want this to  be a sad moment for all my friends and loved ones. God gave his blood and died  in 3 days for the glory and grace for all of us that will serve him an  eternity. I want to thank all the field ministers for doing a good job of  changing people and teaching the word of God. It’s a different place now. Thank  you minister and my brothers I, love them. I also want to thank the field  ministers that helped me get through this. I want everyone to have peace in  their heart that only Jesus can give us. I Love you Jennifer, Ashley, and  Fabio. Thank you for everything. Thank you, brother, I’m ready to go home. I’m  ready Warden send me home. I just want everyone to have peace in their heart,  make eternity with Jesus, give him the glory in everything you do. I’m ready.
Thank you I love you all. Sandra, nice meeting you. I  Love ya’ll. It’s all good. I’m not the one that killed Christina, so whatever  makes ya’ll happy.  I love ya’ll. I’ll see you on the other side. Ya’ll be  good. OK Warden I’m ready.
I’d like to take a moment to say I’m sorry.  No  amount of words could ever undo what I’ve done.  To the family of my  victims, I wish I could undo that past.  It is what it is.  God bless  all of you, I will die with a clear conscience.  I made my peace. There is  no others.  I would like to wish a Happy Birthday to Barbara Carrol, today  is her birthday.  I would like to especially thank those that have helped  me, you know who you are.  God bless everybody until we meet again.   I’m ready warden.
I don't have anything to say, you can proceed Warden Jones.
Yeah, first off, I want to say that I am sorry for the  pain that I have caused you people.  I am sorry that I cannot bring  everybody back.  I wish it could be different.  I know it would be  hard for you to understand what went on that night, I can’t bring them back as  much as I would like to.  I love my daughter and all of my  supporters.  I pray that the Lord take care of me and all of you.  I  have no bad sentiment towards anyone.  I can understand your outrage and  why you are mad at me.  God be with all of us.
That each new indignity defeats only the body. Pampering the spirit with obscure merit. I love you all, that's it.
"Joanna I really love and care about her, I appreciate  her.  There is a drawing that I forgot to tell you about, send it to  Stacy.  Art, I appreciate you.  Joanna, tell my family I love them  all.  Trix I love you too.  
Teresa I am really sorry, please don’t have hate in your  heart.  I really feel like this.  I hope you can find peace in your  heart and happiness.  A revenge death won’t get you anything.   Joanna, I love you.  Let’s ride."
I hereby declare, Robert Steven Everett and Nicholas Velasquez, guilty of crimes against me, Douglas Alan Feldman. Either by fact or by proxy, I find them both guilty. I hereby sentence both of them to death, which I carried out in August 1998. As of that time, the State of Texas has been holding me illegally in confinement and by force for 15 years. I hereby protest my pending execution and demand immediate relief.
I just wanted to say thanks to all who have supported me over the years: Reverend Campbell, for my spiritual guidance; Aaron, the father of Darrian, my son; and Maurie, my attorney. Thank you everybody. This is not a loss, this is a win. You know where I am going. I am going home to be with Jesus. Keep the faith. I love ya'll. Thank you, Chaplain.
"Ms. Connie Hilton, I'm sorry for what happened to you. If I hadn't raped you, then you wouldn't have lived. If you look at the transcripts, I didn't kill Mr. Newman and I didn't rob your house. There are two people still alive. I was just there. When I saw you in the truck driving away, I could have killed you but I didn't. I'm not a killer. My momma was abused. I'm sorry for what you've gone through. It wasn't me that harmed and stole all of your stuff. If you look at the transcripts you will see. I ask the good Lord to forgive me.
I love ya'll; Sheena, my sister, momma, and daddy. Ya'll pray for me, keep up the fight. Get the transcripts, let the truth come out so that I do not die in vain. I thank the Lord for the man I am today. I have done all I can to better myself, to learn to read and write. Take me to my King. I love ya'll and thank you for the love you gave me. I respect all of ya'll. Ms. Hilton. Ok. Let me rest. It's burning."
Bohannon, Peg and Kim, I love ya'll. Son, get your life right with Christ, also your mother. Give mom a hug for me and tell her that I love her. Ya'll do understand that I came here a sinner and leaving a saint. Take me home Jesus, take me home Lord, take me home Lord. I ain't left yet, must be a miracle. I am a miracle. I see you, Rich. Don't cry son, don't cry baby. I love ya'll. I'm ready.
All I want to say is I'm innocent, I didn't kill my wife. Jack Leary shot my wife then her dope dealer Guy Fernandez. Don't hold it against me, Bill. I swear to God I didn't kill her. Go ahead and finish it off. You can taste it.
No sir. Warden, Since I don't have nothing to say, you can go ahead and send me to my Heavenly Father.
Yes, first I want to tell the victim's family, Wendy's family, I am sorry for taking something so precious to you and to my kids. I wish I could take it all back and change it, but I know I can't. I hope you can find it in your heart to forgive me. Please tell Robert and Eric, I love them. I hope they forgive me. To my family, thanks for being beside me, Sabrina, you are a wonderful daughter, I am proud of you. Jr., John, you turned out to be a great young man. Hector, you too. Amy, thank you for always being there. Tell your family I love them. To my family, I appreciate you always standing by me and everything ya'll have done. Tell, everyone I love them. I'll be OK. You will too. Remember what asked you. Give my love to the grandchildren. Tell Jake and Mia, Papa Alba loves them. Okay Warden, let's do it, I love yall. I can taste it already. I am starting to go.
Tell my family goodbye. I can't see them. Jenny, you keep your promise to me, O.K.? Dell, you take care of Gaylene always. Dixie watch over all the kids. Tell them thank you for coming down. Jennie talk to them O.K.? Talk to Jennie, O.K. Dell. Dell you tell the rest of them what they did was wrong for letting me fall for what they did. I never done anything in my life to anybody.
Yes sir, to Joseph's mom and son. I was unable to respond to you in the courtroom. I can only ask that you have the peace that I do. To my brother, you are a good brother. You're the best. And I love you. Can't beat ya. The beautiful lady standing next to you. Kathy you are next to my heart. Amber I love you. Warden, pull the trigger. I love you brother never forget it. Ronnie, Linda, Amber, Kathy. Chaplain Hart you're the best. Love you Thomas.
Yes I do. To the Harris family. I have been trying to tell you for years that I am sorry. I know that I hurt your family bad. I am sorry. Wynona should not of even have happened. I am sorry. I truly am sorry for the hurt and pain I caused you. I hope you can forgive me. One day I hope you can move on and if not I understand. Tim Jackson, Bobby Dan Spade and Mr. Segal thank you for your lies. Your lies set me free. I couldn't do a life sentence. To my mom, I'm sorry. I love you. I'm not the big son that you wanted me to be. But, I love you. To my friends, Synnova, Kay I thank you for everything. I'm ready. I told you years ago that I was ready. Synnova tell everyone I got full on Chicken and Pork Chops. Rodney, take care of my mom. To the fellas on the row, stay strong. Renee, I love you baby. Fleetwood is up out of here. I'm ready Warden.
The Polunsky dungeon should be compared with the Death Row Community as existing not living. Why do I say this, the Death Row is full of isolated hearts and suppressed minds. We are filled with love looking for affection and a way to understand. I am a Death Row resident of the Polunsky dungeon. Why does my heart ache. We want pleasure love and satisfaction. It. The walls of darkness crushed in on me. Life without meaning is life without purpose. But the solace within the Polunsky dungeon, the unforgivesness within society, the church Pastors and Christians. It is terrifying. Does anyone care or who I am. Can you feel me people. The Polunsky dungeon is what I call the pit of hopelessness. The terrfying thing is the US is the only place, country that is the only civilized country that is free that says it will stop murder and enable justice. I ask each of you to lift up your voices to demand an end to the Death Penalty. If we live, we live to the Lord. If we die we die to the Lord. Christ rose again, in Jesus name. Bye Aunt Helen, Luise, Joanna and to all the rest of yall. You may proceed Warden. (began singing)
I already gave my statement. (talked to family) Love you all, take care. Bobby Nell Love ya.
Yes, I would like to thank God for my salvation and all he has done in my life. I thank my family, loved ones, and friends. I give Him thanks, honor, and glory. I love you Mary Taylor with all my heart, I always have. You are my girl. I love you, Michelle. You are my little kitten. Kevin, it’s all you now. You are my boy. Sylvia, my sister, keep your eyes on Christ, forever. Everything is going to be okay. Angela Christine, keep your eyes on the prize and nothing else. I love all of you. God’s been good. I would like to address the family: I offer my sorrow and my heart goes out to ya’ll. I know you believe that you’re going to have closure tonight and as I stand before God today, the true judge, I had nothing to do with the death of your family. I ask God to hold this. I would like to address the family of John T. Ford: I ask for forgiveness, because I do stand guilty for my involvement for that. Thank you Lord Jesus Christ for coming to my life. (quiet singing) Thank you Lord Jesus for coming into my life, you walked me through prison. Thank you Lord Jesus because you died for me. Thank you Lord Jesus for remembering me...
Yes sir,  I charge the people of the jury.  Trial Judge, the Prosecutor that cheated to get this conviction.  I charge each and every one of you with the murder of an innocent man.  All the way to the CCA, Federal Court, 5th Circuit and Supreme Court.  You will answer to your Maker when God has found out that you executed an innocent man.  May God have mercy on you. My love to my son, my daughter, Nancy, Kathy, Randy, and my future grandchildren.  I ask for forgiveness for all of the poison that I brought into the US, the country I love.  Please forgive me for my sins.  If my murder makes it easier for everyone else let the forgiveness please be a part of the healing.  Go ahead Warden, murder me.  Jesus take me home.
Yes sir. I would like to apologize to the victim's family and all the grief I have caused them. I would like to say I love the girls next to them. Praise the Lord. Let's go, Warden. That's it.
Tell Beth and them I am sorry, truly sorry for the pain that I caused your family.  I truly mean that too.  She was a friend of mine and I betrayed her trust.  I love you all.  Tell momma I love her. The Lord is my shepherd; I shall not want,  He maketh me to lie down in green pastures; he leadeth me beside the still waters.  He restoreth my soul; he leadeth me in the paths of righeousness for his name's sake.  Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil; for thou art with me.  Thou preparest a table before me in the presence of mine enemies; thou anointest my head with oil; my cup runneth over.  Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life; and I will dwell in the house of the Lord for ever.   Our Father, who are in heaven, Hallowed be thy Name.  Thy kingdom come.  Thy will be done, On earth as it is in heaven.  Give us this day our daily bread.  And forgive us our trespasses, As we forgive those who trespass against us.  And lead us not into temptation, But deliver us from evil.  For thine is the kingdom, and the power, and the glory, for ever and ever.  Amen  All right Warden, let's give them what they want.
Yes, I do.  I want to say first that I love you Pam.  I love you, Ann, Jenny, Carla, Fran, Mom and Dad.  What a blessing, what a blessing you have been in my life.  And I am so sorry you are going through what you are now.  But we are both headed to a better place.  Thank you, baby girl - love you people.  Sister, Blackie, Dixie, Rusty, Andy, Buster, Milo - we got so many - Grace and Sonny man.   I love you all.  You have a treat coming to you.  Thank you for having been there for me -- and our Father and Mother.  Give them a hug and give them my love.  I am ready Warden.
Statement to what.  State What.  I am not guilty of the charge of capital murder.  Steal me and my family's money.  My truth will always be my truth.  There is no kin and no friend; no fear what you do to me.  No kin to you undertaker.  Murderer.  [Portion of statement omitted due to profanity] Get my money.  Give me my rights.  Give me my rights.  Give me my rights.  Give me my life back.
Yes.  I would just like to say to my family that I am sorry for all the grief I have caused.  I love you all.  Tell Mama and the kids I love you; I love all of you.  And I would like to clear some things up if I could.  Tommy Perkins, the man that got a capital life sentence for murdering Kinslow -- he did not do it.  I did it.  He would not even have had anything to do with it if he had known I was going to shoot the man.  He would not have gone with me if he had known.  I was paid to shoot the man.  And Martin, the younger boy, did not know what it was about.  He thought it was just a robbery.  I am sorry for that.  It was nothing personal.  I was trying to make a living.  A boy on Eastham doing a life sentence for killing Jamie Kent - I did not do it, but I was with his daddy when it was done.  I was there with him and down through the years there were several more that I had done or had a part of.  And I am sorry and I am not sure how many - there must be a dozen or 14 I believe all total.  One I would like to clear up is Cullen Davis - where he was charged with shooting his wife.  And all of these it was never nothing personal.  It was just something I did to make a living.  I am sorry for all the grief I have caused.  I love you all.  That is all I have to say.
I would like for Rosalyn's family and loved ones and my wife, Mary's, family to know that I am genuinely sorry for what I did.  I would like you to reach down in your hearts and forgive me.  There is no excuse for what I did.  Rosalyn's mother asked me at the trial, "Why?" and I do not have a good reason for it.  Please forgive me.  As for my friends and family here - thanks for sticking with me and know that I love you and will take part of you with me.  I would like to thank one of the arresting officers that I would have killed if I could have.  He gave me CPR, saved my life, and gave me a chance to get my life right.  I know I will see Mary and Rosalyn tonight.  I love you all.
First of all, I want to say God bless everyone here today.  For many years I have done things my way, which caused a lot of pain to me, my family and many others.  Today I have come to realize that for peace and happiness, one has to do things God's way.  I want to thank my family for their support.  I love you.  I am taking you with me.  You all stay strong.  I love you.  I also want to say thanks to the Chaplains who I have met through the years and who have brought me a long way.  And I cherish you as my family and at this time...oh, Ken, my little son, I am coming to see you.  Oh Lord, into your hands I commit my spirit.  Thy will be done.
Can you hear me, Chris?  The Lord is my Shepherd; I shall not want.  He makes me to lie down in green pastures; He leads me beside the still waters.  He restores my soul;  He leads me in the paths of righteousness for His name's sake.  Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil; for Thou art with me;  Thy rod and Thy staff comfort me.  Thou preparest a table before me in the presence of my enemies;  Thou anointest my head with oil;  My cup runneth over.  Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life;  And I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever. I want to thank you for being there with me all these years and supporting me and keeping me in the Word.  Michael, you take care of her and thank you Father Don and Chris.  And I want to thank the media for being nice to me all this time.  Bye, Chris.  I will see you.  Take care of yourselves and you all stay strong.  You keep doing your ministry.
The only thing I want to say is that I appreciate the hospitality that you guys have shown me and the respect; and the last meal was really good. That is about it. Thank you guys for being there and giving me a little bit of spiritual guidance and support.
I am ready for the final blessing.
Well, yes, sir.  Rebecca, I understand that you wanted this day to come, you got what you wanted.  I didn't kill your mother.  The two guys that worked for me killed your mother and they are still out there.  If Mr. McDougal had allowed the DNA evidence, I would be exonerated.  Mr. Tolson, I understand you are out there.  If there is any justice in this world, please use this to keep other people from being where I'm at.  Warden, this is murder just as surely as the people that killed Rebecca's mother.  Send me home.
Yes, sir.  I want to give thanks to Father Walsh, my spiritual advisor and Mr. Whiteside and Irene Wilcox and her husband, Jack, and Richard Lopez for being there for me through all of this.  I don't see O'Brien.  Oh, there he is. Thanks to everybody.  Everybody will be all right, because y'all are going where I am going.  Remember what I said, I want to see you all where I'm going.  I want to give thanks.  God, come and do Your will.  I'm ready Warden.
I deeply regret what happened. I did not intentionally or knowingly harm anyone. That's it and didmau. (Vietnamese for let's get out of here.)
I am so sorry for what y'all had to go through. I am so sorry for what all of you had to go through. I can't imagine losing two children. If I was y'all, I would have killed me. You know? I am really so sorry about it, I really am. I got to go sister, I love you. Y'all take care and God bless you. Gracie was beautiful and Tiffany was beautiful. You had some lovely girls and I am sorry. I don't know what to say. All right, Warden, let's do it.
I want to thank my family for their help and moral support and for their struggle. It would have been a lot harder without their love. So, I am just going home. I will see ya'll one of these days. Just don't rush it. I will be there always. I 'll always be watching over you. I love you. Okay? Y'all be strong. God bless you. That is where I am going. I love y'all huh. I'll see y'all in Slayton, Texas.  Dios te mandas contigo mi espiritu. (Spanish - God, I command my spirit to go with you.) Alabamos a Dios todos. (Spanish - We all praise God.) Amen Cuida mi familia. (Take care of my family.) I love you. That's it Warden.
Santajaib Singh Ji.
Kathy, y'all take and I bless all of you and I am glad I have had y'all in my life. As I have said from the very first thing, I am innocent of this crime and God knows I am innocent and the four people that was murdered know I am innocent and when I get to heaven I'll be hunting you and we'll talk. I feel sorry for the families that's had to suffer and my family and I have 'em all in my prayers. I love you all. Y'all take and y'all look after Sheila and Shannon and them, call 'em and get the pictures to 'em and everything and, ah, again, like I said, I feel sorry for the families, but if it takes my death to make them happy, then I will bless them. I have no hard feelings toward anyone cause the Lord feels that it is my time to come home to Him, my work on earth is done and that, ah, like I said, I am just sorry for, but they will have to go through this one time again, cause sooner or later, whoever did this crime is going to be caught and they'll have to come down here and do this again and they will realize they witnessed an innocent man going to be with Jesus Christ.
Like to tell my friends that I love them. Appreciate them being here to support me. Alison, I love you.
Yes, I would like to give love to my mother, sisters and brothers and let them know that I am thinking of them right now and I want to thank God for giving me such a loving family. To the victim’s family: I hope you will find it in your heart to forgive me as I have forgiven you. I’m ready, Warden.
"I really don’t have much to say. All I want to say is that when the state introduced my sister and my niece as state witnesses, it’s not that they testified against me. The thing is, my lawyers would not subpoena anyone, so they allowed the state to subpoena them to paint a picture to the jury that my own sister and niece was testifying against me.
Linda is innocent of this. I am innocent of this. Now all you all are seeing in the process a perfect example of ol’ freaky deaky Bill Clinton when he signed that anti-terrorism law to shorten the appeals. This is a conspiracy. They used false testimony of a woman that said I had raped her, when the test showed that the foreign pubic hair that was found on her body belonged to no one in that room. They found a drop of sposmosa in the crotch of her pants that was tied to blood type B. My blood type is A. Now the same woman there they brought to testify against this murder case. That woman was under indictment for possession of methamphetamine, delivery of methamphetamine. She could have gotten out of both of those cases. Yet, she swore under oath that she had never been in trouble with the law and none of that mattered. So what does that make this great state? A very high-priced prostitute that sells itself, called justice, to the highest bidder.
I am being charged under article 19.83 of the Texas Penal Code of murder with the promise of remuneration. That means they got to have three people, the one that paid, the one that killed, and the deceased. And the alleged remunerator is out on the streets, so how come I’m being executed today, without a remunerator? This is a great American justice. So if you don’t think they won’t, believe me they will. Ain’t no telling who gonna be next. That’s all I have to say. Especially for the people of the deceased, Sims is innocent and so am I. So the murder is still not there. Today you are a witness, the state (cough). Bye."
I’m ready to be released. Release me.
I forgive all of you – hope God forgives all of you too.
"…guys like them got tied up in something like this. Thank Chaplain Taylor and Jane. I just got your letter. Thanks to Carolyn and Gloria, who have been my friends for over four years. I want to remember Patsy Buntion, Gladys and a lot more friends. I want to thank the prosecutor in my case; it took courage for him to do what he did but he did what he did because he believed in the judicial system.
I’m not ready to go, but I have no choice; I sent several letters to my family; they’ll be very moving when you get them. I want to say goodbye again to my boys. I know I’m missing somebody, but if there’s anything I have left to say, it would be that I wish I had a Shakespearean vocabulary, but since I was raised in TDC, I missed out on some of my vocabulary.
If my words can persuade you to discontinue this practice of executing people, please do so. If the citizens don’t do away with the death penalty, Texas won’t be a safe place to be. I have no revenge because hate won’t solve anything.
(I gave Warden Hodges the phone at this time and he listened for 5-10 minutes. When he returned the phone to me, I could hear Kinnamon talking but evidently the phone was not close to the mike, because I could not understand him.)"
God, please forgive me of my sins. Look after my people. Bless and protect all people. I am sorry for my sins. Lord, take me home with you. Amen. (A couple of sentences garbled.)
I want to express my feelings regarding the mishap of the deceased Mrs. Iris Siff. That was a very unfortunate incident and only God knows why it was an unintentional situation that took place. I want to express my remorse to the family and the discomfort and pain I caused in their lives. Only God will determine if I am truly guilty or innocent of being the type of person I have been drawn up to be by the press and media. I have given my wife the power and energy to be a disciple of Islam. I rescued her from a wretched life in Ireland. I thank Allah for sending her to me. Certainly murder cannot be an instrument of Allah. My wife is very devoted.
I don’t think so. That’s all. Go ahead. Start things rolling. (Mouthed "Hi, Mom" to his mother.)
I’m going to a beautiful place. O.K., Warden, roll ‘em.
I wish everybody a good life. Everything is O.K.
Goodbye to all my friends; be cool. Thank you for being my friends. Give my love to everybody.
