
Yes, I just want to  thank (pause) I don’t want to leave you baby, see you when you get there. I  love you. Thank you to all my brothers back on the unit for all the  encouragement to help get my life right. Sunny, Blue I love you brothers. See  you on the other side.
Thank you thank you  where’s the family, ok I would like to say sorry for the grief I have caused. I  hope you find peace, joy and closure. Whatever it takes to forgive me. I am  sorry. I know you cannot forgive me but I hope one day you will. To my friends,  I love ya’ll. You have been good and such good influence people. I want to see  the Lord Jesus so bad. I hope you all understand. I am going to ask the Warden  to start. And ask Jesus to help them to forgive me one day please. I am very  sorry. For you guys I love you. Thank you Warden.
Hi ladies I wanted to  tell ya’ll how much I love you. Thank you for being here for me. You have  brought pleasure into my life in the short time I lived and known ya’ll. Ya’ll  are very special not just to me but to the unit. There are so many lives that  yall have touched over there that yall don’t even know about that guys talk  about in the back .I am at peace now with and going to be with Jesus and my  family. I am going to miss those pancakes and those old time black and white  shows. Where I am going everything will be in color. There is a lot of this I  don’t understand but the system is not completely right. It’s not completely  wrong but, it is something that has to be done until something better comes  along. But, I am at peace with that and I am ok and I can live with that. The  15 or 16 years that I have been on death row I have never had a case that  doesn’t mean that I am a good guy or nothing I have the Lord in my heart and He  has given me peace I will be honest with you. I am going to go tell your mother  and David I am glad you made it and you didn’t pass out on the line. OK Warden  I am ready.
To my friends and family it was a nice journey. To the  family of the police officer I hope this finds you peace and be well and stay  safe. Enjoy life’s moments because we never get them back.
I am very thankful for all the hard work the Mexican  consulate put in a fight over my death sentence if there was a reason or not. I  am thankful for the humane treatment that I was given here at the  2 prisons that I was at. I am getting my gold watch that it took the  Governor 30 years to forge. Thank you God, Lord send me a chariot. I’m ready.
No, Well, Hi Mary Jean. See y’all later. Go ahead  please.
First I would like to praise my Lord Jesus  Christ.  I ask for forgiveness to the Thomas Family for my past choices I  made.  Carol did not deserve for what I’ve done.  I’ve asked God to  forgive me.  Please find it in your hearts to forgive me.  I’m sorry  it has been bothering me for a long time.  So I now pray and I will keep  you all in my prayers.  I hope you find it in your heart to forgive  me.  I’m sorry. To my supporters Daniel, brother Charlie, Steve and all  who stood by me, thank you.  By no means am I happy for what I’ve  done.  I have asked the Lord to forgive me.  Please tell everyone I’m  certain I left off some names.  Tell my kids I’m sorry for being a  disappointment.  Thank you. God bless.  I’m ready warden.
Yes, I do, Grace Kehler is that you? I have given Warden  Jones a written statement that will explain a lot more. I hope this will bring  you closure and answers to some questions. I hope this will bring you peace and  I'm sorry for all the pain and suffering. I'm sorry it went on for a terribly  long time. I'm sorry to you especially Grace Kehler. To the Kehler, Johnson and  Crain family, I pray that you won't hate Jesus, the letter will explain more.  I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I hope that my death will bring you peace and closure. I  pray that maybe someday will bring you peace. I hope that you could forgive me,  but if you don't I understand. I don't think I could forgive anyone who would  of killed my children. I'm sorry for your suffering you've had for a long time.  I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I love you Lord Jesus, Lord Jesus.
"Much has been written about this case, not all of it has been the truth. But the time is over and now it is time to move on. I want to thank my attorneys for all that they have done. The have afforded me the last quarter of a century. I would like to thank my wife, my daughters, family and friends for unwavering support, and all of the letters and well wishes over the years. Now it is time to pass on. I have fought the good fight, I held the faith. I am not going to say goodbye, I will simply say until we meet again. I love you very, very much. Thank you Warden."
I did have, but now I see my family here and everything - all I want to say is I love you all so much. I am innocent. I love you all so much. You are beautiful. Okay Warden, I am through.
First of all, I would like to ask Sister Teresa to send Connie a yellow rose. I want to thank the Lord, Jesus Christ, for the years I have spent on death row. They have been a blessing in my life. I have had the opportunity to serve Jesus Christ and I am thankful for the opportunity. I would like to thank Father Walsh for having become a Franciscan, and all the people all over the world who have become my friends. It has been a wonderful experience in my life. I would like to thank Chaplain Lopez, and my witnesses for giving me their support and love. I would like to thank the Nuns in England for their support. I want to tell my sons I love them; I have always loved them - they were my greatest gift from God. I want to tell my witnesses, Tannie, Rebecca, Al, Leo, and Dr. Blackwell that I love all of you and I am thankful for your support. I want to ask Paulette for forgiveness from your heart. One day, I hope you will. It is a tragedy for my family and your family. I am sorry. My special angel, I love you. And I love you, Connie. May God pass me over to the Kindom's shore softly and gently. I am ready.
Jane, Grace and all of you all, I know you think I did this, and I'm sure you think this is wonderful in you eyes.  But, let me tell you something, there were two DNA tests run and none matched me.  I wanted a third, but that never happened.  Three people at different times confessed to killing these people - your parents.  They did not know me.  My request is that you get yourselves in church and pray for forgiveness because you are murdering me.  I did not kill anyone in my life.  If you will look at your house and the police report, there are several bullet patterns shot into the West wall over the bed and the East wall and North wall and your sister was in the front bedroom while 30 shots were fired.  There's no way in hell she would have laid in that bed.  If you think I did this, you need to think again.  There were three people in the house and have confessed to it.  Larry Ashworth in Fort Worth killed seven people.  All I was asking for was a DNA and I could not get it.  But get in church and get right with God.  Jane, you know damn well I did not molest that kid of yours.  You are murdering me and I feel sorry for you.  Get in church and get saved.  I really don't know what else to tell you.
To your family, ah, I hope that this can bring some closure to y'all. I am sorry for your loss and hey, I love all y'all. Let's go.
