last_statement
"Ok to start with I would like to thank everyone that has stayed;  Karen, Linda, Barry, Danny, Barbara, God bless each and every one of you. I  have a message to the Irby family. The shootout occurred June 27, 1990. One  week later a police officer on his day off named Michael Garret showed up to my  cell. He was wearing civilian clothes. I thought he was a chaplain. He came to the  back where it is super seg. The guys there began to ridicule him because the  officer brought me a small Bible.
He said boy, do you know that you just hit a brick wall? I  am a deputy Sherriff. He asked me have you ever been to church. Have you heard  of Jesus Christ? I said yes, he then gave me a small Bible which I call a  Gideon Bible and read from Romans. The deputy said get right with God. The  Deputy’s buddies, five or six guys standing in the hallway were making fun of him  and the deputy said don’t listen to them, listen to my voice. That was July 4,  1990. I wanted the Irby family to know one thing, I do have remorse for what I did.  Ms. Irby, the little one year old girl, I can’t remember her name, Cody was three  and she was one when I took their father's life away. I pray to God that they  get the closure for me killing their father and Ms. Irby’s husband. I hope to  see you in heaven some day and when you show up I will give you a big hug. To all  of my friends that stuck with me through all of these years I am not going to  say good bye just saying so long. I am ready to go."
Yes Sir, that will be five Dollars I love you, I love  you, and I love you. Mike I love you. Where’s Nelley at? I love you. That will  be five dollars. Take Care.”
To my friends and family it was a nice journey. To the  family of the police officer I hope this finds you peace and be well and stay  safe. Enjoy life’s moments because we never get them back.
"Much has been written about this case, not all of it has been the truth. But the time is over and now it is time to move on. I want to thank my attorneys for all that they have done. The have afforded me the last quarter of a century. I would like to thank my wife, my daughters, family and friends for unwavering support, and all of the letters and well wishes over the years. Now it is time to pass on. I have fought the good fight, I held the faith. I am not going to say goodbye, I will simply say until we meet again. I love you very, very much. Thank you Warden."
Yes.  Man, I just want you to know how much I love them.  I want you to be strong and get through this time.  Do not fall back.  Keep going forward.  Don't let this hinder you.  Let everybody know I love them (several names listed), Kevin - as well as everyone else in the family.  Tell them that I love them and stay strong.  This is kind of hard to put words together; I am nervous and it is hard to put my thoughts together.  Sometimes you don't know what to say; I hope these words give you comfort.  I don't know what to say.  I want you to know I love you; just stay strong and don't give up.  Let everybody know I love them...and love is unconditional, as Mama has always told us.  I may be gone in the flesh, but I am always with you in spirit.  I love you.
First of all, I would like to ask Sister Teresa to send Connie a yellow rose. I want to thank the Lord, Jesus Christ, for the years I have spent on death row. They have been a blessing in my life. I have had the opportunity to serve Jesus Christ and I am thankful for the opportunity. I would like to thank Father Walsh for having become a Franciscan, and all the people all over the world who have become my friends. It has been a wonderful experience in my life. I would like to thank Chaplain Lopez, and my witnesses for giving me their support and love. I would like to thank the Nuns in England for their support. I want to tell my sons I love them; I have always loved them - they were my greatest gift from God. I want to tell my witnesses, Tannie, Rebecca, Al, Leo, and Dr. Blackwell that I love all of you and I am thankful for your support. I want to ask Paulette for forgiveness from your heart. One day, I hope you will. It is a tragedy for my family and your family. I am sorry. My special angel, I love you. And I love you, Connie. May God pass me over to the Kindom's shore softly and gently. I am ready.
I would like to say first of all the real violent crimes in this case are acts committed by James Boswell and Clay Morgan Gaines. We have the physical evidence to prove fabrication and cover-up. The people responsible for killing me will have blood on their hands for an unprovoked murder. I am not guilty; I acted in self-defense and reflex in the face of a police officer who was out of control. James Boswell had his head beat in; possibly due to this he had problems. My jurors had not heard about that. They did not know he had suffered a head injury from the beating by a crack dealer five months earlier; that he was filled with anger and wrote an angry letter to the Houston Chronicle. He expressed his frustration at the mayor, police chief and fire chief. He was mad at the world. Three and a half months before I worked on a deal with the DEA, the informant was let off. At the moment he left the courtroom, he became angry with me; Officer Boswell was upset about this. Officer Boswell and an angry woman were in the police car and they were talking in raised voices. In other words, Officer Boswell was angry at the time I walked up. Officer Boswell may have reacted to the... (Inmate stopped speaking in mid-sentence.)
A lot of people have always asked if there is a Heaven, and I say there is.  There is a Heaven and a Hell.  They ask, "Who goes to Heaven?"  I believe that it is those who have placed their faith in Jesus Christ. Romans 3:25:  For all have sinned and come short of the glory of God. Romans 6:23:  The wages of sin is death, but the gift of God is eternal life. Romans 5:8:  While we were yet sinners, Christ died for us. Romans 10:9:  If you confess with your mouth the Lord Jesus Christ, and that He was raised from the dead, thou shalt be saved. John 3:16:  For God so loved the world, that He gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in Him shall have everlasting life. A lot of people forget about: John3:36:  If you have the Son, you have life and if you have not the Son, the wrath of God lies on you. In this life, we sin and we make mistakes: 1 John 1:19:  If we confess our sins, He is faithful and just to forgive our sins. I had a verse that jumped out at me a few days ago.  Psalm 99:8 speaks of the holiness of God and He was to the people a God who forgave, but He took vengeance on his deeds.  I am not here because of my faith in the Lord Jesus, but I am here for not other reason than my own actions.  To the Bakers, I am really sorry for the pain and sorrow I caused you.  I really do not know what to say, but I am sorry - forgive me.  And to my parents, I am sorry for the pain I have caused you.  Forgive me; thank you for your love.
I'm innocent. I had nothing to do with my family's murders. I want to thank everyone who has supported me. I hope they continue to fight. You know who you are. That's all. Thank you, Warden.
Well, I don't have anything to say.  I am just sorry about what I did to Mr. Peters.  That's all.
"I've got one thing to say, get your Warden off this gurney and shut up. I am from the island of Barbados. I am the Warden of this unit. People are seeing you do this."
I love you, I love everyone, I go out with great love and respect.  This is a great day to pass on.  This so called dying.  This is a great day to approach this glorious event.  Approach the present. (mumbling)  Thy will be done.  (more mumbling)  I love you all.  Don't waste your time arguing and bickering.  God loves you all.  All that really matters is love.  Love is the only thing for us.  There is no closure without love.  Forgive one another.  You got to learn how to forgive and embrace one another.  Be one.  Our love is just like...it is the nectar of God.  We have so much to give when we give out of our hearts.  The hear is the wishing well that waters the tree.  I wish and desire one thing.  I wish only the best for all of you.  (unknown tongues)  I love the love in every man and child.  Mankind is my family and tribe.  I am ready grumah.  A poet once said, "...is my country.  There is no separation between you and me There is no enemies, only family.  I am a minister of love.  I go out loving everyone and everything.  God bless my...country.  I shed tears of love may they nourish everyone.  Stop killing start loving.  Stop the violence.  Let my death change society.  You don't need any more killing.  You don't need any minimum, maximum security, death row.  You don't need the death penalty.  We need more loving fathers and mothers.  It is a good day to die.  Take me God, Hold me in yours and carry me home.
Santajaib Singh Ji.
I would like to take this time to, ah, to use this moment an example for Christ. I would like to follow his example and leave with peace in my heart and forgiveness. There is no anger in my heart about this entire situation. I just want to testify to all of y'all that I have loved you. I appreciate your concern and genuine love for me. God bless you. I love all of all. Jesus is Lord.
Yes sir, I would like to address the Robinson family. There is nothing I can say here or anything I could probably do. Now you are all probably mad at me and I would probably be in the same situation you all in if anybody I thought killed anybody in my family ahh. If I knew who killed Rosalyn I would let you know, but, I am going to say this: I am going to heaven with God as my witness. Ros was a personal friend of mine. She was a beautiful person, very educated, her. I'm very tight with the Robinson family. She was proud that she had a father that was a doctor. My family is not here present and that is by my wish and my wish only. Now the tables is turned. You are all here, the Robinson family is her to see me executed. That is something that I would not want for my family. In no form or fashion would I have ever want to see Rosalyn dead. I left the scene of where the incident happened. I guarantee you if I would have been there you would not be standing where you are if I would have been there. You all have some very serious look on your face and something very serious fixin' to happen now. I will say this on my own behalf but then again I know it is not going to make any difference but what you fixing to witness is not a nice thing. It's not nice. It's not nice. The media. I would just like to address to the media with everybody's permission. I would like to say before I go that it has been said that I have shown no remorse, but if you look at my record and my background, ask anybody that know me that in order for me to show any kind of remorse for killing that ever been done, this one time I can't show no remorse for something that I did not do and if I did I would be faking. I would totally be faking and believe me there is nothing fake about me. Nothing fake. I've done wrong, sure, I've paid the time. This is one time that I know I cannot show no remorse for something that I did not do. I am at peace, please believe me. Wherefore, I figure that what I am dying for now is what I have done in my past. This is what I am dying for. Not for killing Rosalyn. I don't know what ya'll call her but I call her Ros, I call her Ros. That's it.
I want to start out by acknowledging the love that I've had in my family. No man in this world has had a better family than me. I had the best parents in the world. I had the best brothers and sisters in the world. I've had the most wonderful life any man could have ever had. I've never been more proud of anybody than I have of my daughter and my son. I've got no complaints and no regrets about that. I love everyone of them and have always been loved all of my life. I've never had any doubts about that. Couple of matters that I want to talk about since this is one of the few times people will listen to what I have to say. The Unites States has gotten to a now where they zero respect for human life. My death is just a symptom of a bigger illness. At some point the government has got to wake up and stop doing things to destroy other countries and killing innocent children. The ongoing embargo and sanctions against places like Iran and Iraq, Cuba and other places. They are not doing anything to change the world, but they are harming innocent children. That's got to stop at some point. Perhaps more important in a lot of ways is what we are doing to the environment is even more devastating because as long as we keep going the direction we're going the end result is it won't matter how we treat other people because everybody on the planet will be on their way out. We have got to wake up and stop doing that. Ah, one of the few ways in the world the truth is ever going to get out, or people are ever going to know what's happening as long as we support a free press out there. I see the press struggling to stay existent as a free institution One of the few truly free institutions is the press in Texas. People like the Texas Observer and I want to thank them for the job they've done in keeping me and everybody else informed. I hope people out there will support them, listen to them and be there for them. Without it, things like this are going to happen and nobody will even know. I love all of you. I always have I always will. I would like to address the State of Texas and specially Joe Price, the District Attorney who put me here. I want to remind Mr. Price of the mistake he made at Gene Hawthorn's trial when he said that Gene Hawthorn was telling the truth at my trial. Mr. Price is a one-eyed hunting dog. He in fact is not a one-eyed hunting dog, and in fact Gene Hawthorn lied at my trial. Everybody knew it. I'm dying tonight based on testimony, that all parties, me, the man who gave the testimony, the prosecutor he used knew it was a lie. I am hoping somebody will call him to the floor for recent comments he's made in the newspaper. It's bad enough that a prosecutor can take truth and spin on it and try to re-doctor it. But when they actually make facts up and present to the public as trial's evidence. That goes beyond fail, that's completely unforgivable and I hope somebody makes Mr. Price account for or explain the tennis shoes he is talking about that put me here. I'm still completely lost on that and I'm hoping that somebody will go back and verify the trial record and make him accountable for lying to the public and the press that way. That's really all I have to say except that I love my family. and nobody, nobody has got a better family than me. I love you booger bear. I love doodle bug, too. Don't let them ever forget me. I'll never forget them. I'll see you on the other side, okay. Bye bye Debbie. Bye bro, bye booger bear. Father Mike, Father Walsh, love you all. That's all, sir.
Ah, just ah sorry ya'll. I think of tried everything I could to get in touch with ya'll to express how sorry I am. I, I never was right after that incident happened. I sent a letter to somebody, you know a letter outlining what I feel about everything. But anyway I just wanted, right after that apologize to you. I'm real sorry for it. I was raised by the California Youth Authority, I can't really pin point where it started, what happened but really believe that's just the bottom line, what happened to me was in California. I was in their reformatory schools and penitentiary, but ah they create monsters in there. That's it, I have nothing else to say. Thanks for coming Jack.
I guess the first thing I want to do is thank some very special people, Sara and Sabrina. And for affording me the opportunity that ya’ll did. It made a real big difference in my life. I thank you. Thank you again from the deepest part of my heart. I’m sorry. The biggest thing I wanted to say was to you and family and I know I haven’t had a chance to talk with ya’ll in any form or fashion or way or manner. And I regret what happened and I want you to know that I’m sorry. I just ask and hope that sometime down the line that you can forgive me. I think in a lot of ways that without that it becomes very empty and hollow and the only thing we have is hatred and anger. I guess the only thing I have to say about the Death Penalty is that a lot of times people think of it as one sided, but it’s not. It’s two sided. There pain on both sides and it’s not an issue that people just sit there and voice off and say, well, this is a good thing, or this is a bad thing. But it’s something that’s, you know, needs to be looked at and desired in each heart. I just hope that all of you can understand that and someday forgive me. I want to thank ya’ll for affording me the opportunity to talk and meet with ya’ll. It meant so much. Thank you so much for being with me and my family. Thank you. I love you.
I love you all. We had a good service and I’ll be with you. I’ll be waiting for you in Heaven. Ok. Adios. That’s all I have to say.
I want to tell you folks there, of a… I have a love in my heart for you. I hope you don’t look for satisfaction or comfort or peace in my execution. Jesus Christ is my Lord and Savior and I want him to be yours. I’m sorry for the pain and heartache I’ve caused your family. Too many years I’ve caused all my family problems and heartache. I’m sorry. I wanted to let you know that the Lord Jesus is my life and I just want to go. I’m gonna fall asleep and I’ll be in his presence shortly. I got reason to rejoice and I pray to see all of you there someday.
Yes, I do. I would like to tell the surviving victims here, society, my family and friends, that I ask that they forgive me for anything I have done. I beg for your forgiveness. I would like to ask the Lord Jesus Christ for forgiveness and say that in spite of my circumstances, I have been blessed by Him. My first thought is that Jesus Christ came down and separated the humans from God. I would like to see that wall that separates these groups here tonight brought down and that we would all have love and compassion for one another and that you all build a future for all of us. There are a lot of men on the Row who need to be remembered. I love all…
"It’s a good day to die. I walked in here like a man and I am leaving here like a man. I had a good life. I have known the love of a good woman, my wife. I have a good family. My grandmother is the pillar of the community. I love and cherish my friends and family. Thank you for your love.
To the Hancock family, I am sorry for the pain I caused you. If my death gives you any peace, so be it.
I want my friends to know it is not the way to die, but I belong to Jesus Christ. I confess my sins. I have…"
It was horrible and inexcusable for me to take the life of your loved one and to hurt so many mentally and physically. I am here because I took a life and killing is wrong by an individual and by the state, and I am sorry we are here but if my death gives you peace and closure then this is all worthwhile. To all of my friends and family, I love you and I am going home -
"I told the daughter not to come. Discontinue; be quiet, please. Specifically, I want to say that the bad evil man I was when I came to death row 13 years ago is no more – by the power of God; Jesus Christ; God Almighty; Holy Spirit, he has transformed me as a new creature of Christ. I know that I am a Christ child and that my Lord will welcome me into His arms.
Jesus Christ is the Lord of Lords and the King of Kings. I love all of you, those I can and can’t see. With the love of Christ, my love for you is secure and I love you purely and wholeheartedly in the name of the Almighty God."
I am the sinner of all sinners.  I was responsible for the ’75 and ’79 cases. My trial was not just; it was not fair; they lied against me. I love all of those on Death Row, and I will always hold them in my hands. Those who stood by me, I will always love you. Jim and Judy Peterson and Chaplain Lopez, I thank you for staying by my side.
Let’s do it, man. Lock and load. Ain’t life a [expletive deleted] ?
