Yes Warden, To the family of the victim I want to say I sincerely  apologize for all I did.Â  I hope this  bring you closure, thank you. I want to sight Psalm 34:
I will bless the Lord at all times; his praise shall  continually be in my mouth. My soul shall make its boast in the Lord; The humble  shall hear of it and be glad. Oh, magnify the Lord with me, and let us exalt  His name together. I sought the Lord, and he found me, and delivered me from  all my fears. They looked to him and were radiant, and their faces were not  ashamed. This poor man cried out, and the Lord heard him, and delivered him out  of all his troubles. The angel of the Lord encamps all around those who fear  him and delivers them. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good; Blessed is the  man who seeks refuge in him! Oh, fear the Lord, you his saints! There is no  want to those who fear Him. The young lions lack and suffer hunger; but those  who seek the Lord shall not lack any good thing. Come, you children, listen to  me; I will teach you the fear of the Lord. Who is the man who desires life, and  loves many days, that he may see good? Keep your tongue from evil, and your  lips from speaking deceit. Depart from evil and do good; Seek peace and pursue  it. The eyes of the Lord are on the righteous, and his ears are open to their  cry. The face of the Lord is against those who do evil, to cut off the remembrance  of them from the earth. The righteous cry out, and the Lord hears, and delivers  them out of all their troubles. The Lord is near to those who have a broken  heart and saves such as have a contrite spirit. Many are the afflictions of the  righteous, But the Lord delivers him out of them all. He guards all his bones;  Not one of them is broken. Evil shall slay the wicked, and those who hate the  righteous shall be condemned. The Lord redeems the soul of His servants, and  none of those who trust in him shall be condemned. I love you take me home Ruth  1:16, you win God bless you all I’m ready Warden.