I would like to thank everyone that has showed up on my  behalf, Kathryn Cox, I love you dearly.  Thank you Randy Cannon for  showing up and being a lifelong friend.  Thank you Dr. Steve Ball for  trying to bring the right out.  There are a lot of injustices that are  happening with this.  This is wrong.  Thank you Reverend Leon  Harrison for showing me the grace of God.  Thank you for all of my friends  that are out there.  This is not a capital case.  I never had  intended to do anything.  I feel very grieved for the loss of Walker, and  for Donovan and Marissa Walker.  I hope they can find peace and be  productive in society.  I would like to thank all of my friends on the row  even though everything didn’t work, close isn’t good enough.  I hope that  positive change will come out of this.
I would like to thank my father and mother for everything  that they showed me.  I would like to apologize for putting them through  this.  I would like to ask for the truth to come out and make positive  changes.  Above all else Donovan and Marissa can find love and  peace.  I hope they overcome the loss of their father.  At no time  did I intend to hurt him.
When  the truth comes out I hope that they can find closure.  There are a lot of  things that are not right in this world, I have had to overcome them  myself.  I hope all that are on the row, I hope they find peace and solace  in their life. Everyone can find peace in a Christian God or whatever God they  believe in.  I thank you mom and dad for everything, I love you  dearly.  One last thing, I thank all of my friends that showed loyalty and  graced my life with more positive.  I would also like to thank Gustav’s  mother for having such a great son, and showing me much love.  I have met  good people on the row, not all of them are bad.  I hope everyone can see  that.  I just want to thank everybody that came to witness this.  I  thank everyone, I am sorry things didn’t work out.  May God forgive us  all?  I am sorry mother and I am sorry father.  I hope you find peace  and solace in your heart.  I know there is something else I need to  say.  I feel that.